Check other reviews for Sony DVD-R's, this product is defective! They won't work in a traditional dvd player and they are cheaply manufactured. Out of 55 reviews for the 50/100 disc spool for this product, 22 people give it 1 star! BUYER BEWARE, this is a defective product that should not be allowed on the market. It is non-refundable and the Sony warranty requires you to mail back in order to receive the SAME DEFECTIVE PRODUCT that you purchased before.
I bought a Targus Chillmat for my MacBook pro, it worked great, so I figured, I would buy a second notebook cooler for the office. Antec came to mind, because of the good reviews and the stylish design. So I bought one. I was very disappointed!Pros:* Looks good, nice cable storage, usb passthrough* Fits nicely under my MacBook ProCons:* Does not cool my MacBook Pro nearly as much as the Targus Chillmat! I'm talking orders of magnitude here... I think the fans just aren't in the right places to chill the hot spots on my MacBook. I have tried moving it around, but really doesn't help much.* Louder than my Targus Chillmat, even when on 'low' setting.* No 'on/off' switch, only 'low' and 'high' setting toggle. Means you have to unplug it to turn it off.
Have used these for the last 8 months.The software is OK. On windows 7, I can see a little widget that gives me kill-a-watt type usage numbers to show how much power is being used.You can also turn off the "beeping" so when power goes out, your house doesn't sound like a railroad crossing with all the ups's reporting an outage. You can also set sensitivity of brown out/power spikes, etc. Handy little graphs show you how often the unit had to kick in to protect your equipment.
Printer is fast and very quiet, with excellent resolution. Have been using it extensively and have had no problems. Others had made remarks about: 1) too long to print first page; mine prints in a matter of a few seconds. 2) paper jams; I've had no problems at all, so it must be the paper they were using. 3) no cable is included; many printers do not include the cable, this is no surprise. For the price, this is one of the best printers you can buy. My old NEC Supercript 860 is still going strong. These are solid, dependable printers. Sure, toner cartrigdes are impossible to find in stores, but simply order them on-line. Plus, the NEC toner cartridges tend to last longer. Has a nice look, and a small footprint for a fast printer. Excellent buy.
I have been using one of these devices for two years now. During that time, it has been dropped frequently and usually never turned off. Battery life is outstanding, and performance has not degraded at all during the those years of use on my HP notebook. Now I have a new MacBook Pro, and the thing works great and is still going strong.The only drawback is the lack of two additional buttons that can be programmed to go forward and backward in web browsers. If this is not a feature that you desire, then I highly recommend this mouse.
The Below review was from Beersheb_Books. I will ditto the entire scenario from the LCD display going bad under warranty, they sent me a new radio. Now the Power Butten went HS on me. I contacted them and it's $59.95 (minimum) to fix. No way. I thought of ordering a new one but after reading all the reviews------NOT!!!! If they are defects then they should fix for $0.00By Beersheba BooksI purchased a CCRadio several years ago. Shortly after the warranty expired, the LCD display began acting up. Sometimes it would work but over time it eventually stopped working entirely. It wasn't long after the display problems occurred that the power button and radio station presets began to require multiple presses in order to register. Eventually the power button got so bad that I could no longer turn the radio off using the switch. In checking the internet I discovered that numerous other customers had experienced similar problems. I also found a note on the CCrane web site acknowledging the LCD problem and asking customers to contact their customer support with the reassuring words "we want to take care of you." I called the number listed and although they acknowledged that both issues were known design flaws, they expected me to pay $50 for the repair. When you pay top dollar for a radio that turns out to have manufacturing defects, you expect the manufacturer to do more than acknowledge a design flaw. You expect a repair at their expense.
If you have the Jornada, you have to get it. It is loads better than toting your laptop around. I keep both in my jacket pocket and haul em out whenever I feel the urge to be productive or write in my journal...which I then sync with my desktop. Sweet.
If you are on the road, you need this item. If you charge at the office everyday or at home, you don't! Works well and is a high quality product.
My Nomad IIc has been nothing but reliable. I've dropped it several times (I'm uncoordinated) on pavement from a height of three feet, heard a heart-crushing "crack", but though the case is a bit scratched up, the insides work just as well as the day I got it. The sound quality is great, the controls thoughtfully laid-out, the headphones quite good, and the display is huge and easy to read. I also must defend the battery-life; mine goes for ages (12 to 14 hours, I think) on one AA cell. Battery changes are few and far between. Of course, I have my backlight set on minimum--if you want the backlight to stay on for longer, you pay dearly for it in battery power. The Nomad's software design and controls are so intuitive, though, that you really don't even need a backlight.
I've been using this little adapter for almost 2 years. Plugged it in my Mac G5 tower, and was up & running in as much time as it took to turn on the Mac. Didn't install any drivers 9used Mac native drivers), and even managed to hook up the Mac bluetooth keyboard & mouse in no time. Sync time & transfers to my phone & iPod are excellent. In 2 years, this adapter hasn't once dropped connection or malfunctioned. Am I missing something or just lucky?
The $2999.00 sale price at Fry's Electronics made this one hard to resist. We knew that some reviews mentioned on the Internet stated that there were red hue problems in the flesh tones. Those concerns turned out to be true. Faces were way too red, making news anchor-people look like they had been out in the sun too long. We really did not want to return it for the price was great compared to others we had seen in this size range. We just could not tolerate it considering the amount of money demanded for this type of television, so it was returned.
Works like a charm. The handle is really strong and I like the way it ratchets up. They really thought of everything a user would think of.
I know from all the online revies and mobo that this is an awsome mobo for the money, can oc and all that,I just feel like going online, because mine was defective, downloaded and updated bios, repeadetly pulled out all the wires, checked, double checked, triple check every other component, my computer would not work.this has cause me so much annoyance, and disgust, I don't know what to say.I mean, ppl should buy this because it supposedly works great, and I know that not many ppl are going to get defective items, but it has happened to me.
I bought this for my husband when this was still the only item of its kind on the market. I imagine there are better products out now, but he's still quite happy with it despite a few minor elements of poor design, like the arrangement of the controls. As soon as he got it, he tried playing a CD he got as a freebie from mp3.com, and that didn't work, but as soon as he burned a CD of his own with mp3 files, it worked just great. I also bought a car kit to go with it, and we only got it to work two out of about 10 times, but I don't think that was the Genica player's fault.
I was pretty excited about setting up a wireless network at home and did a little research beforehand. I first wanted to go with Linksys, but I realized I was just influenced by all the ads for it that appear here on Amazon. I found a pretty good web site, Practically Networked (search for it), and this product didn't get great reviews; products made by other companies fared better.I went with it, though, when I found it for a good price.I'm pretty good with tech stuff, I maintain a web page and maintain/fix several computers as part of my business. However, I found the set up for this router quite confusing. First, the instructions told me to connect with a cable before I started to use the wireless capabilities!! How ridiculous--I bought a wireless router because I don't have Ethernet cards!Their tech support told me a wireless Ethernet card would work, though, so I proceeded to set it up. Good, but I had to make a call to Linksys to find this out. On the plus side, I only had to wait a minute to get through.I bought three products at once--this Linksys router, a Linksys PCI Ethernet card, and a Netgear PCMCIA Ethernet card. It's interesting to compare my experience with the Linksys router with that of the Netgear network card. The instructions for the Netgear were much clearer and intuitive--the instructions were written intelligently. The Netgear card installed very easily, without problem.To make a long story short, after eight nights of trying after work, and about forty tech support calls to Linksys and my ISP, after downloading the firmware update, I couldn't get my router to connect with my modem (by DirecTV). I tried on two different machines, an IBM ThinkPad, and a generic PC, both running Win98, following the instructions to a T, checking and double-checking all the little numbers that we have to enter to get it working. I don't know whether there's a problem with my ISP (DirecTV) or my machines or the router, software, etc., but the bottom line is that it wouldn't work!I did learn a couple of important things--first, as of this week, the latest version says "V2" on the front. The salesguy at the store I bought it from incorrectly told me that it was the latest version when I bought this. I also learned that with DirecTV, you have to call them to reset your modem for the Ethernet port if you are using the USB connection, and vice versa. In other words, both connections are not "live" at the same time, only one is.Another funny thing happened--as I said, I bought two network cards, a Linksys and a Netgear. The Netgear could connect with the router no problem, but the Linksys could not connect with the Linksys router!Finally, the range of this router was unimpressive. With the Netgear card, I could get a 50% signal from one floor away from the router. The Linksys card was worse--with the router ten feet away, I got a 30% signal. With the router four feet away, I got a 70% signal.I don't know whether my problems were bad luck or hardware problems. I'm going to return this router and try another brand and see what happens.
This product just does not work with Nokia 3650. I had to return it back after two days. The customer service does not even have a toll free number, so you got to call long distance. The e-mail support I got was of no use. Looked like they did not even read the error message I was getting. This product uses 1.2.2.18, a totally outdated version of Widcomm driver. There are no new drivers available. After returning it, I bought Belkin F8T001 from amazon.com and it worked just great. I never had problem connecting Nokia 3650. I think the extra $10 or so I spent for Belkin are worth it.
I purchased this product from Amazon.com in May 2003 for $700. The maps were outdated and in September Garmin offered new maps for $150. For such an expensive unit, map updates should be free.Then the unit stopped working when disconnected from the car battery. I had to send it for repairs at my expense. There was a loose screw.The upgraded firmware has new auto route algorithm which tries to take you back to the old route if you miss a turn. It makes three attempts before doing a full recalculation. I don't like this feature. Maybe I took a detour because of an accident or road closure. It should recalculate a new route instead of trying to take me back.I used it for several months to "guide" me from work to home in the evening. I found that suddenly, without any reason, one night, it changed the directions. Now it tries to take me back through a slower route.One night, it asked me to take an exit where none existed. Maybe it was raining heavily and it malfunctioned. Pretty dangerous...
I have only been using this car lighter USB adapter for a month now, but so far I like it really well. The last one I was using came as part of a three-piece set:Universal Apple iPod USB Charger Kit - USB Retractable Hotsync Cable - USB Home Travel Charger - USB 12V Cigarette Lighter Charger. This car adapter lasted for a little over a year before breaking down. Hopefully this new one will last longer than that! The best thing about this one is that it offers two USB ports rather than just one, so both my kids can charge their devices at the same time instead of fighting about it. Just avoiding strife is worth the cost, alone!
This router has some problems. The DHCP implementation does not follow standards, as a result, some CompactFlash Wi-Fi adapter cards will not work with this router. The keyword blocking feature does not work in the firmware upgrades 4.13 and higher. After firmware upgrade, the router stops generating access logs, the empty logs are not e-mailed as per schedule and the router stops showing the attached devices. Technical support is extremely poor, with no solutions to the problem and long hold times. Aside from these problems, it is really a great product!!
The Tactile Pro keyboard is a great keyboard. I just love the feel of it and it's durability. I also like the simple fact that it has all the mac special keys, such as the volume controls keys and the CD eject.On the minus side, which I noticed in another review, there is one big downside to this keyboard. I've had mine two years now, and just realized that the letters and symbols are wearing off on the left side of my keyboard. I have about 12 keys now that have partial or no symbols on them anymore, and a few were the letters are starting to come off too.The symbols on the keyboard is one of the main reasons I bought this thing. I was going to replace this keyboard (I lost my receipt, thus no warranty), but am steering away from this, as I don't want another keyboard that the lettering comes off after time. I have 'never' seen a keyboard that has done this in over 20+ years!!! :(05/05/06 update: Matias replaced my keyboard with a brand new one - no questions asked (besides proof of purchase). I would rate this a 'four' now because of the great online support, but still will not give this thing a '5' due to the 'rubbing off' issue.
WARNING!!! This is actually a GREAT printer and I highly recommend it however the main reason I am giving it a negative is to get your attention!!! This is the Designjet 130nr. What the nr stands for is "network ready." If this is what you are looking for I can find nothing wrong with this printer and you should buy it as soon as possible. However, for most buyers they don't really want or need to be able to hook this up to a network. This version costs $1892.00 the SAME EXACT printer in every way except the network ability the Designjet 130 costs $1292.00 We even purchased this version knowing full well what it did and now we regret it because unless you work in an office of completely computer network savvy people you don't want this available to print from to the general office population. We have had repeated trainings and meetings about using this printer and it never fails we get someone once a week who doesn't realize they are printing their office memos on a 2ft by 4ft sheet of paper!!! I am the administrator for this printer and I now have nightmares of hearing this thing start up and knowing I havn't printed anything on it from my computer. I think its best used by one user and people in the office submit "jobs" to that person to print. Besides the page layout and setup can be kind of confusing on the get go. If its worth saving $600.00 and a few gray hairs I think the regular 130 is just fine. Again, there is no change in print quality it is only the LAN unit that comes attatched into the system already.
I use this remote for 2 DVD players (Philips + Toshiba), an LG LCD TV, and a Sony receiver. It was easy to program for all four components, and it even included the Sony receiver as a default program. The "learning" and buttons are convenient and easy to program directly with another remote, so you can put in features that do not have dedicated buttons on this remote. (I.e. why isn't there an "eject" button? But you can program one from a different remote). There are also three "Macro" buttons, which allow you to program one or a whole series of button-pushes, and control them with a single button on this remote.I've only used it for a few weeks, so I can't speak to long-term reliability, but it has worked perfectly so far. Last time I tried a universal remote was probably 15 years ago, and had major hassles with the remote "forgetting" its programming, so I was skeptical about trying this. But I'm glad I did! The couch arm is de-cluttered of its multiple remotes, and home theater control is easy.This remote is really overkill for my needs; the 6-device model probably would have been fine. But this one was a great deal, I like the learning functions, and really have no complaints. Highly recommended!
I've been experimenting with recording my digital keyboard and connecting it directly to my computer had terrible quality. This unit improved it to an extent but it was still poor quality (maybe it was not meant to do this type of work). I ended up returning it.
Hey, its only a cloth book with plastic sleeves in it. What can I say...it beats having piles of CD's in a shoebox!
Please note: I don't use it for gaming.That being said, it does exactly what I need it to do. Provide clear communication via video conferencing when experiencing mild to moderate ambient noise interference. Charge while sleeping, use for 6-8+ hours.Only downside...for me...is that it's difficult to sleep with it on your ear.Overall: I dig it.
It's a good buy for the money. Don't expect to be able to see clear faces in parking lots at fifty feet...think more of "over the garage door."It doesn't handle additional light sources in "night" mode as well as I would like, but it get's the job done if I want to know who's knocking on my door, creeping down the side of my house, or which one of the neighbor's dogs are trying to tear into my trash cans again.Time stamp, autocycle, and alert notification when connection is severed is a plus.
I am disappointed in this product. It will not work with my mouse or keyboard or IPod. OOPs! Helps if you connect the hub to the computer, Yikes! Now works fine.
I've had this for about as long as I've had my laptop (a new model is out and it's $200 cheaper so that makes it what... about a year?) and I love it. It fits my 14" just fine and could probably fit a 15" too. It's the exact same width as my laptop and about 1 inch longer, which is ideal because a little bit of slack forward & back keeps it on your lap even when it slides just a bit (more on that later).When used with a desk, it keeps it up and away from the desk and simply provides more air below the laptop where the fans are. One of the "X" pads are directly below the hard drive, so it probably doesn't get as much ventilation as it could, but still more than if the xpad wasn't involved.As something you keep on your lap, it works great too. The bottom side has an almost denim like feel to it and keeps everything relatively stable and things don't slide around except at the most extreme angles - the laptop will start to slip at, say, greater than 30 degrees away from you (the monitor half being heavy and towards the bottom - it's just not good) or 45 degrees towards you (which is how I sometimes keep it if I'm lying in bed with it propped up between my stomach and one of my legs). If I were to redesign it, I'd texture the rubber X pads on the top (they're pretty smooth) so as to add just a touch more grip, but that's a very minor quibble - really at the angles I'm talking about, gravity just has to take over.It's made of some sort of plastic and foam, and I was really surprised with how light-weight it was. It's also thin enough to take with you in a laptop bag. If the laptop is running really hot, the bottom will get one or two degrees warmer, but not at all hot and definitely nothing that would make you sterile (read the stories on the internet, it happens).All in all, this is a great product and doesn't pull any power from your USB or have any areas where you can't put your leg because there's a fan there. My girlfriend is getting a laptop soon and we'll definitely get one for her too.
I was previously very interested in this camera. However, after using it for a time, it has been very possibly a nearly useless camera. The autofocus is poor at best, the movie is only 320x240 max, and less than 30fps.There is also a considerable delay in taking pictures, as the autofocus has a meeting someplace inside the camera to discuss if there is any point in focusing on anything in particular!There are many better choices, not to mention the Finepix S7000!
This is my first &quot;true&quot; digital camera. I have a basic one included on my VHS-C panasonic camocorder, but that is nothing compared to this Canon unit. I was initially attracted by the metal look, solid feel, size, and when I looked at the feature set, said wow! Have not been dissapointed. You will love the features (many pre-set modes and full manual control for the photo-buff), excellent photo quality, and it looks so cool :). Something you will want to buy: a larger CF card, it comes with a 16MB but you will outgrow that after about 7 shots at the highest resolution. Excellent camera, enjoy!
This product sucks. We use this product for our color copier in our office and it is terribly slow, loud, and expensive to maintain. Furthermore we have had this machine slightly over a year and now we are incurring all types of issues with it. We called HP and since our warranty expired they want to charge us $480 just to come out and see what is wrong with it. DO NOT BUY THIS MACHINE.
I have two of these batteries as backups for my 300HS camera. I used both of these, as well as the Canon original on a recent trip overseas. I was VERY impressed with these Lenmar batteries - they seemed to last slightly longer than the Canon original battery. I wasn't counting the number of on/off cycles, or the number of shots with flash, so I can't say for sure whether they're actually BETTER. But they're definitely no worse! They charge up just like the original, and don't heat up or do anything else unexpected. Since they're at least as good as the OEM battery, and since they cost far less, I recommend them very highly! Based on my experience with these, I won't hesitate to purchase Lenmar batteries for other gadgets as I need them.
I admit, I have been out of the printer loop for some time. I had the HP Deskjet 990 CSE which is a great text printer but crappy on photos. I have a good digital camera, but did my printing using labs (ofoto, etc) as I didn't have the patience to fiddle with the HP printer settings, paper types (compatibility, quality, etc), and never could get a good print when I did try.A friend mentioned that I might look into a new printer to handle photos as well as the text demands. I was impressed by the Canon i860 and I was quite impressed by reviews. I don't just need a photo printer, but do a lot of simple text printing as well. I knew there were good photo printers, but typically the text output on these was slow and not very good quality... These reviews pointed out that this printer does both tasks well (note the i960 is slow with text but a great photo only printer)I now own the i860 and cannot tell you how amazing this printer is. Fairly priced, separate ink cartridges (two blacks, 3 color), very FAST for both text and photos (much faster text than my 990cse), and outstanding quality. The text looks great on cheap paper and the photos are lab quality (to my untrained eye at least). I have printed photos on plain paper, and 4x6 glossy (canon paper), and also printed an 8.5 x 11 format (Kodak premium glossy). All looked great, of course far better when on photo paper. Good color and well they just look great. A cool feature is the separate 4x6 paper tray and the extra pigment-based black ink for sharp text, this differentiates it from the cheaper i560, which is apparently also a great buy from what I have read. I might have purchased the i560 if I was paying for the printer myself. Because I wasn't, I went for the convenience of the paper tray and extra black ink.The i860 is a great buy. If you are looking for an all purpose photo/text printer this is it! I have only had it for a day, but had to write this review to highly recommend it.
First of all, the 40Gig version was annoying primarily because of the small hard drive. I purchased the 160Gig and am delighted with that.The AppleTV runs VERY Hot. Plan to put it on TOP of your last device as it needs to have the top open to air. I'm wondering if Apple has a problem here but time will tell. I purchased the extended warranty primarily because I'm concerned about this issue.The one annoying thing about this device is that you can't just drag and drop stuff to it. You have to either Sync to ONE computer with iTunes or else use streaming for up to 4 more iTunes computers. I'm running two iTunes Macs and 1 iTunes PC. It would nice to be able to shut off syncing and still be be able to just drag and drop what you want to it the way you can with an iPod. There is a method for deciding what you want to sync and not sync but it's poorly designed and you may find yourself doing a lot of clicking to select what you want and deselect what you don't.I'm using the device on a 1080i wide screen TV. Most of the movies I am using have been converted using the Cucusoft version 2 and 6 software for the iPod. I'm very happy with the results!!! It's been very handy to take 50 or 60 movies on a USB2 hard drive when I travel. Most of the time I just watch them in a window on my laptop anyway so the quality if outstanding. On the AppleTV it's somewhat lower than one might expect from DVD but the convenience is worth it.Overall, it's a delightful product!!
I bought this PCI card and companion router (the DI-624) upon reading reviews from several respected sources. To be blunt these components just never worked. In fact the DI520 card froze my desktop computer every time it was on! Not a great way to be wireless... Switched to Linksys and everything is great, fantastic, not a single call to tech support (compared to about 8 hours over five days with d-link). In short, I doubt that this is a bad product, but it certainly is a one star rating for my experience. Finally, be sure you buy from a dealer that will allow easy returns because if you find yourself in a situation similar to mine, you will want to launch it and try something else.
I bought this elsewhere for much cheaper, so do your homework. Amazon prices don't seem as competitive as they once were! Anyway, on with the review. I think this unit sounds fantastic. The headphones really work well for me. They fit my ears well and sound full and robust. I have a pair of Sennheiser ear buds (MX500) and a Sennheiser headset (can't find the model number) and they do not sound as good as the included earbuds. This is a pleasant surprise as I expected the included phones to not fit well and sound poor. So that is good. Earbuds seem to be a very individual thing. In any case, I want to get a new set of headphones, perhaps the Sennheiser PX100s... Overall I find earbuds dainty and difficulty to store well (there is no case for the included earbuds, I use my MX500 case...)I find the software to be completely usable. I do not use it to rip unless my EAC/LAME setup cannot handle one of my CDs, then the Mediasource software usually handles things just fine, which I find interesting. One thing for sure is that files upload VERY quickly to the player and it is so easy to SYNC your PC music collection to the player (or vice versa). I especially like the media sniffer aspect of Mediasource which scans the directories you point it to for new additions to add to the collection... Very handy!I would give the player five stars, but: I do wish Creative had included a remote. Also, the case is just crappy and doesn't clamp well to my belt or jeans pocket. I usually put the player in a pocket. Get used to using the player lock button as the random button for some reason seems to get pressed a lot for no reason....As for the controversial touch strip, I find it to be okay. Yes, it is sensitive, but I find that I am getting better. Initially I was terrible, but incrementally and slowly I am seeing improvement. I turned the tap feature on the touchpad off. The buttons are useful, except for the random one, which is just plain dumb... No one must have tested this in design phase.Overall, this is a great player. Comparatively cheap, well designed, and fabulous sound. Works perfectly well for me. I have had it for about 3 weeks now and have been listening and using it a lot!
Worked great out of the box. continues to work great. The user interface is less intuitive than linksys, but not too bad.
I purchased this printer for our law office. While it is a nice printer, it DOES NOT function with WordPerfect, which is the word processor we use. Nor was this problem mentioned in any review I came across. [Edited to add that I did find a work around: you have to load the PrintServer120.exe file at start up. Something that HP certainly never told me. At any rate, all's well that ends well and this one did.]
A simple an great idea. But I find that unless I have a very light lens on the camera, its not always enough grip to hold the camera up. However, I wouldn't give this fun tripod up for anything. It has so many uses.With my 400mm lens, I use the tripod legs against my chest as a brace to stabilize my lens.Its a great product.Cons: Not quite strong enough for the larger lenses, could use a removable head
Yes, you can buy Xbox credits at any electronics or toy store or even through the Xbox, itself. But if you order them through amazon, you're going to get a better price, avoid paying tax, and not have to worry about your credit card being used inappropriately or in unauthorized ways by Microsoft. This seems to be the best method of purchasing Xbox credits.
This holds my compact Canon camera perfectly and keeps it from getting banged up in my bag. For the price, great case. Lowepro builds quality products.
Setup was simple. Range was good. That's where it ends.I bought this thing because CNET gave it their prestigious &quot;Editor's Choice&quot; award. I'll never make that mistake again. Go ahead and read personal reviews there after this and you will see that I'm not alone.DO NOT BUY THIS ROUTER.It kept randomly dropping the connection, requiring a reboot to get it working again. It gets really old rebooting the router 5 times per day, trust me.Tech support will blame everything except the router. Don't bother calling them.This is a very common problem with this router. The guys at COMP USA said that they have had a lot of them returned for the same reason.Don't waste any more time. Go buy the Netgear wireless router, and cards for that matter (especially if you're running Win XP). My system is working flawlessly now. I couldn't be happier.
This is an excellent printer for home use, especially if you print more photos than text. Photo printing is where this printer excels and if you print occasional text or do not need exceptional text print quality, this one will do well. The print speed is pretty quick, but more importantly, print quality is excellent. The inks are readily available (not cheap though - this is where the company makes money), and it is thoughtfully designed. Duplexing is built in, the photo paper cassette will hold many sheets, and the main and output trays fold up nicely to protect the printers innards from dust or other debris. It is not large (but not small either. I like the software suite it comes with. Easy photo print is really a nifty piece of software! Prior to this I owned the HP printer (Photosmart 7160) of the same class and there is no comparison (and I had two DOA units). The ink is cheaper than HPs - at times it even goes on sale - and it is just much more easy to use. Highly reccomend!
Mac users beware -- this adaptor requires Windows-only drivers. The Linksys USB Ethernet adaptor is not as fast, but it works flawlessly right out of the box, no additional software:[...]Note to TRENDnet: "PC" is not a platform.
The TH55 is probably the greatest of the Clies. And it's the last to have been marketed in the U.S.Its faults are relatively minor. It seems a bit delicate in construction, especially the plastic flip cover. It has no dedicated power button, just a slide switch. I know from experience that these slide switches are prone to wearing out and no longer working. If this happens when the device is in Hold mode, you will not be able to ever again power it up, unless and until you repair that switch! So I use it as little as possible. You can do this by not using it to power down; let the handheld timeout. To power up without using the slide switch, instead use any of the four App buttons (Memo,Todo,Addressbook,Datebook).Inputting data is annoying as with all the OS5 devices, since they all (except the TG50) use Grafitti 2, the new Grafitti with the weird strokes. At least the onscreen keyboard is useful -- it overlays only the Grafitti input area and takes up no space in the display area, unlike some other Palms (the OS4 Clies and the Tapwave Zodiac). You can also find the KB100 keyboard for the TH55. Make sure to get the driver CD with it, or download from the Sony Clie website. The KB100 is good but not perfect -- it has not all the dedicated keys to fully use Palm OS, so you still often are forced to poke the screen with the stylus.Back to the handheld. It has a really good LCD with deep rich colors, 480 by 320 resolution, but no option for Landscape mode in which you can rotate the screen 90 degrees. This screen's quality blows away those on my UX-40 and UX-50. But this PDA's best features of all lie in its revised built-in software:The TH55 has TWO versions of each of the built-in applications. From the app launcher, you can tap the icons for Memo, or Datebook, or Todo, and you get the old OS 4 applications, the same as on any other Palm powered device. But there is also a tabbed menu alongside the right hand side of the screen that also has the items Memo, Datebook, Todo, FreeNote, etc...tap one of these and you get the enhanced versions, which are now called Clie Organizer apps.The new MemoPad has a 32 kilobyte text buffer, although the clipboard capacity is still 1K. If you fill the buffer past the old 4K limit, you can beam all the memo to another Palm PDA if you use the "Split Memo Text" option in a menu. If you have 32K of text, it will be split into 8 memos of 4K each in the other PDA. The only thing missing, I think, is that you can't go the other way. If you have alot of 4K memos from other PDAs that you want to combine into a big 32K memo, you have to do it one kilobyte at a time via the clipboard. It'd be nice to be able to combine small memos with a menu option.Haven't used the new Datebook much, but it has a totally different appearance.The real gem is the new Todo...it works like an outlining program with a hierarchical structure in which each item can have a sub-item, and a sub-sub-item (3 levels of nesting supported). You can collapse the sub-items with a tap and hide them out of sight, so you can make more efficient use of the screen space. Items can be promoted/demoted with a tap. Items and sub-items can have attached memo notes or FreeNote drawings (just four kilobytes, though). Also, the way item Priorities works has changed...in the old Todo, you can only use Priority to change the way the items are sorted. In this new Todo, you use Priority to change which items get displayed. Although only three levels of item nesting are supported, in combination with a clever assignment of priorities, you can select which items show on the display 15 different ways. The one thing that prevents the new Todo from being a fully-functional outliner is the fact that the sub-items are not "attached" to their parents. If you move an item that has children, only that item moves to its new location in the hierarchy -- you have to then relocate each of the children to stay with its parent. But since, practically speaking, you spend alot more time just looking at an outline than you do creating it, when you are most often moving items around. So all in all, it's a nice improvement.Another thing on Todo is that the OS4 plain-jane Todo items appear in the Clie Organizer Todo, but not vice-versa. Meaning, you can further filter your data by entering the items you only want to show in OS4 Todo by entering them into OS4 Todo. Hard to explain, one must simply try it for oneself to get the hang of it.The FreeNote drawing program absolutely blows away Clie Memo.I also have the UX40 and UX50, and was disappointed to find that although they run OS5, only same old tired Palm apps are built-in. I hate hate hate 4K memos! Yes, with a keyboard like the PEGA-KB100, you could actually use the TH55 to write your novel if you had to. The Clie Organizer Memo pad's 32K buffer makes all the difference.One convenient thing for those like me who also own the SJ33 is that the batteries and the chargers are identical to those for the TH55. In fact, all the Clies I own use the very same charger. Very convenient.This Clie does not have Movie Recorder in ROM. I thought I'd find it on the CD, but no. It seems the story is that this model of Clie was developed just as Sony Corporate was shutting down Clie marketing in the U.S. So the TH55 crew was in a hurry to get it out before this happened. So no Movie Recorder, but check the web because some hacker out there just may have figured a way to transfer it from another Clie model to the TH55. Let's hope! You can still beam a recorded movie over to the TH55 and play it, because it does have the Movie Player app.I'd give the TH55 five stars, except that I feel the camera should have more than 300,000 pixels. If it had a sharper camera like the NX80V or the NZ90, and Movie Recorder, it'd be the cat's meow!
This case will serve to protect your palm against scratches and dings, but completely lacks convenience features such as a belt clip and a clasp to hold it closed (not even velcro -- nothing at all). The seams are all single-stitched, though the leather seems thick enough to provide adequate protection. With a Handera 330 handheld, the leather covers up the jog dial and back button, and the HotSync serial port, so you must remove the PDA to use these features. It also covers up the Handera power-on button.In sum, adequate but lacking any creature comforts whatsoever.
Got my Sonos bundle a week ago. Installation, as many reviewews have already pointed out, couldn't be simpler. I have had toasters taken longer to "install". I am also using a Sonos bridge as I didn't wanted to waste a zone player in my home-office where my wi-fi router sits. Same ease of configuration there. Let's move on to actually using the product....Well, this is where I have a few complaints. It seems to me that the system is preferrentially optimized for folks getting their music piped directly off internet using services like Rhapsody and Napster. You say, what's wrong with that. Nothing, if that's how you get your music. Actually Rhapsody's integration with Sonos is done in such a nice way that it could be fairly addictive.But my situation is a bit different. I like to listen to Bollywood and Indian classical music, most of which is not (yet) available on Rhapsody or Pandora. My primary music source is CDs, which I rip in pristine lossless WMA (Windows Media Audio) format, and carry them on my Zune. This is where Sonos fails to deliver for me. It doesn't support either lossless WMAs format or Zune playlists. The alternative presented to me was to rip my music (if I can even find my CDs) in either MP3 or lossy WMA formats. The workaround for the Zune playlist issue is to recreate them in Windows Media Player. Needless to say, these limitations marred an otherwise pleasant experience with the system for me.I am still giving it a 4 stars for all the other great stuff the system offers.
Using Windows XP, I simply inserted the card, turned on the PC, and Windows did the rest. As simple as a PCI installation can get. I do not like the included video editing software, but that's not why I bought this.
When you spend a $1000+ on a new HDTV, this is the optimal device to secure the investment that you have made in DVDs. The picture quality is awesome, and the price is right. If you have a 1080p TV, you may want to opt for the 981H--this model does not support that resolution.
Sigma has hit a home run here. This is a nice macro lens, and also serves well as a short tele lens. Set the limiter and let the fast ad quiet HSM focusing work for you in tele-mode. In close-up/macro mode, the AF is less useful (but can often get you close to where you want to be quickly), then fine tune manually. Images are SUPER sharp, good color, excellent bokeh. Excellent price, and EX fit and finish is superb. Very very highly reccomended.
This unit is incredible. Every feature one could want in a DVDplayer and/or Digital Receiver. I love it! Easy hook-up, simple tooperate, and loaded with features. The picture is sharp and the sound is impressive (be sure to select a set of good quality speakers). This is literally an all-in-one home theater, just plug in the speakers, hook it to your TV, and you are ready for a real pleasant home viewing experience. My only complaint would be the remote control. Its fully functional, but all the buttons are the same size, it's sometimes hard to distinquish which button does what. Overall, a great electronics item and I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for an entry-level player/receiver.
When I decided to buy an HDTV, I spent nearly a month comparing all the different brands and formats (LCD, DLP, Plasma, CRT), and finally settled (sight-unseen) on this Panasonic 42" Plasma, and I couldn't be happier! It arrived yesterday, took about 30 minutes to set up, and with the built-in ATSC tuner, I was watching HD channels over my basic cable connection from the moment I turned it on. WOW! Without even tweaking the picture settings, I have it set to "standard" mode and the image is, in a word, spectacular! I also bought a Sony up-converting DVD player with HDMI, and this very smart television automatically adjusts the picture to a crystal clear, sharp and truly beautiful 16:9 image. I'm currently watching "Finding Nemo" (yeah, an old one, but lots of great visuals) and I can honestly say, the picture is better then when I saw it in the theater! If you're looking for an amazing HDTV that won't break your bank account, this is the one. I'm in HDTV heaven!
I find this to be one of the best photographic accessories available. BUT, it is not just a lens cleaner, sensor cleaner etc. Keep it near your computer and blast the schmutz out of your keyboard, mouse, and monitor! This is a great great product... I think I need a couple more...
I bought this camera at $300 for my web-based business. The deciding factor was it's ability to write directly to floppy disks which saves time and memory downloading to my laptop computer. The advantage of this camera is it's versatility in picture storage. The typical memory card is also available.The picture quality is excellent for a 2 megapixal camera. It meets and exceeds the requirements for photo-editing for web content. Using photoshop 7.0 is simple with imports from disk on this camera which saves me using hard drive space for stages in production.The disadvantage to this camera is it's size and weight. I took it on my most recent visit to Europe and felt that I needed a pullman bag just to accomadate my camera. I originally thought that it's size would be outweighed (no pun intended) by it's advantage of floppy format, thereby saving the need to buy expensive memory cards. It doesn't however. I bought a small digital camera with higher pixel ability for travel which suit my needs much better. I would recommend this for anyone who wants 35 mm quality. Taking my laptop is as easy as taking the mavica.Again, if your usage is web based, the mavica cannot be beat. I would reconsider if you want an easy camera for travel/everyday pictures. The size and print quality is not feasible.--Kathryn White-Fidram
Bought this to power my house wide built in speakers. It will power Polk floor standing main speakers along with the house system...with ease. At first it would clip if I played it too loud, but after time it quit doing that and plays like one of those old Japanese receivers from the seventies. Clean, full frequency response power...an amazing deal.
This optical cleaner is a nice alternative to harsh chemical-based cleaners. It is better for the environment, and works well on diverse sensitive surfaces including: anti-reflection coated eyeglass lenses, regular plastic eyeglass lenses, laptop screens, and multicoated camera lenses. Sure the sprayer is efficient in its use, but if they could find a way to lower the cost, they could sell a ton of this stuff. I'll have to see how long the one ounce bottle I have lasts before I buy more.
This cord is as good as the expensive HDMI cables. That pretty much says it all. Picture is great, sound is great, price is great! Get this product instead of throwing $40+ dollars at the same exact thing.
I bought one of the first ones on the market, took it to Afghanistan twice and it broke on the last day when the belt clip snapped in the cold and it fell hard on a concrete flight line. Garmin gave me a new one under warranty, my fault and was willing to pay but they insisted I get a new one. Thank you Garmin, and why I will continue to buy many of these. Great size, monochrome screen is night vision compatible. Audio is loud and will use most Motorola accessories. This unit works on three AA batteries that can be had anywhere, so it is the one I take with me when out and about. Radio does not work as well as a dedicated unit would but being able to send your location to another unit makes it fill a niche. If you are keeping track of many users in the field this is a good thing. I use a soft case made for a Garmin GPS 12. Buttons are easy to use and fills the hand like a radio should. Great radio and GPS, I use this one the most of all when not navigating the streets. Complements other Garmin units with similar features and operation.
I got one for my Nikon P4 camera to see if it worked cause the instruction manual only goes up to 1gb tested. But 2gb works just fine with 499 pictures at 8m fine. So I got another one even cheaper than the last one. Buy your li batteries here on amazon to.
This unit is perfect for the road warrior. I have two of these, one for each vehicle. Small size, AA batteries you can find anywhere and stable software work well together. Long life off of two AA batteries. Screen has color and contrast that work to show you the route. Audio is great. Small size for traveling and suction cup that holds well. Home run on this baseball sized unit. Only drawback is the power cord does not charge the batteries. No charging circuit is included on this unit. I do not rate this down for that as it is so small and batteries can be had anywhere. Blue color goes with many car interiors, durable and the software doesn't hang up or "jump the gun". Replace the 128 Mb card with a 1 Gb, load up North America maps and get on your way. Excellent deal in new or refurbished form. Great for use on motorcycles with a small windshield also. Works in cold weather and has never let me down.
This kit has helped keep needed tools close at hand. Just add an AA Maglite, I put an LED mod into mine, a spudger and you are set. Punchdown tool works very well and has additional items the more popular models lack. The scissors appear to be Klein but are marked Paladin. Cut very well and hold their edge. The Data SureStrip stripper works well on Cat5e and even on RG-58 coax. Black rubber type case hold thins securely. Sometimes it is hard to get the Sharpie in mine out. (Get one of these too for your kit. Cheaper than paying $5 more for that to be included.) Belt buckle is not the most secure when not actually attached to a belt, but once on your belt it will not fall off. Rotates so it won't get in the way while driving or seated. Recommend this for those who need a portable kit with must have tools or as a spare to their big tool box. Price is comparable with everyone else. And the color will be different than those blue and yellow units you see everywhere, so you will know who walked off with your tools of multiple techs are on site.
Just used these on my first flight, and they we're very good. I've never tried and Bose ones, but with noise-cancelling turned on and my iPod playing, practically all I could hear on the plane was music (and muffled announcements) - almost no engine noise, no talking, etc. I've also used the JVC HA-NC100, which are more portable, but the Logitech sound and isolation is superior.
These work great for watching animals, testing IR devices or just seeing what is going on around you at night. These use old Russian tubes, Gen1 vintage but work very well. The IR LED will give a red glow when used, but you can use a higher quality IR LED flashlight or IR filter over a Surefire light and not be seen at all unless someone has night vision gear as well. Lenses to reflect, but tenebraex or killflash lenses work for that. Head contraction feels odd, but not bad enough to cause problems. N batteries are failry cheap...$5 for two usually. I sometimes turn these on, then off to conserve power....they will remain on for a few minutes until they need power again. The built in light sensor protects these from bright lights. I have used Gen2 and Gen3 military gear and for the money this is great stuff. Fisheye effect is there but not enough to keep me from recommending.
I wish I had this Binocular sooner, it works well, for star watching or bird watching etc.Easy to mount on a tripod.
The TG50 is an OS5 handheld that, uniquely, comes in a one-piece formfactor (no clamshell) with a keyboard (no dedicated Graffiti silkscreen) instead of an oversize screen. The screen is the standard 320 x 320 size of the OS4 Clies (SJ and T series).About the keyboard, good news and bad. Good news is, contrary to some reports, the keys are large enough to be used effectively if one's hands are not too big. The keys are raised and backlit. The bad news is that the shift and colored keys used to enter special characters are poorly placed and awkward to use. To enter special characters one must simultaneously hold down the mode key and the target key. Entering symbols and numbers intermixed with alpha characters is slow going.A grafitti writing area can be popped up with a special hardware button. Here also, there is news both good and bad. The good news is that the TG50 uses the original Grafitti, not Grafitti 2 as on all the other OS5 Clies. If you have had the misfortune of having to use Grafitti 2, you know how awful it is. Most all the strokes are different, and the k,i, and t letters require two strokes. Apparently Sony sneaked the TG50 into production just before the Xerox lawsuit forced Palm and licensees to abandon the superior Grafitti.The bad news is that the Grafitti writing area takes up all of the screen area except for enough to display four lines of text.I was not able to use the Bluetooth feature. Tried to send a Memo pad text file to my UX40 and could not make the two Clies connect.The TG50 speaker is the largest and loudest I've seen on any Clie. Most Clies have only 7 or 8 pinholes for the speaker; this one is better than a quarter-inch across with nearly two dozen holes.Overall this handheld is the biggest non-clamshell formfactor of them all. The TG50 is both longer and thicker than all the SJ series Clies. It's about the same size as the NX80, except for thickness.The built-in applications are the standard OS4 apps Sony supplies with all their other OS5 Clies (except for the exceptional TH55).One thing I should say about the Clies in general concerns the slide switch. This is the only way you can power up your Clie if you turned it off in the Hold mode. What this means is that if your slide switch should get broken, you will have no way of powering up your Clie. This happened to my NX80 and now I can never use it again. If one wishes to avoid this situation, one should never use Hold to power down. Instead let the Clie power itself down via timeout. Then it can be powered up again with any of the four application keys on the front (Memo,Datebook,Todo,Address).
I bought this item because you dont have to connect it to a network for it to work. You just store your pictures in a compact flash card. I did like it, however I must say that it would show some pictures too many times, and others would never be shown. It sounds like a small problem, but it gets very annoying. Eventually the item broke during a trip to Europe, when I tried a store bought DC adapter that didnt have the Amps needed. I know it might have been my fault, but given it being such an expensive item, I felt that it was made kind of cheaply to break just because it was pluged two seconds with the wrong Amps!
I bought this unit to work with a new Cobra CB radio. The radio was junk but this antenna is great. The magnet is very strong and the whip is well made. Has been in use for a while now outside every day and has not corroded or changed its electrical properties. Was easy to tune and the latex boot on the bottom works to save your vehicles finish. The only reason I rated it down was the latex type boot on the bottom, it is starting to fall apart. Some other types would have a giant sticker on the bottom, others would leave it open to the elements. This "boot" is a great idea, but it would have been better to make it thicker or out of better material. Overall this looks like an antenna that will actually last a while and hold strong. I am not expecting perfection since magnet mount antennas are only for temporary use anyway. Get an older CB radio with actual components inside, (no surface mount garbage), and add this antenna for years of use.
This is the second Tivo recorder I have. Works great! I connected this one to our cablevision and it records all the daytime programs on several channels for my wife and monther-in-law. all they have to do is remember to watch them. it just sits there day after day and does its job. no problems, easy to follow instructions for set-up. This thing will do a lot more than i will ever need it to do, like send recorded programs to another unit....but its worth the money just for recording two shows at one time. jim
Graphic details i've never dreamed...although i was way behind(MX400 GeForce). I like this card a lot. Seriously, it's really clean stuff but for that middle price range, i strongly suspect there are not many better cards.
I was even surprised how easy it is to use this studio. Unfold, plug-in the lights and there you go!The quality is great, lights could be brighter, but they are good enough for what I am shooting. It does take some space, but if it was smaller, perhaps, it wouldn't be so - almost - universal. I really loved using it, and will stick with it for a while, I believe it's a great quality for the price and it takes almost no space to store.Highly recommend!
Got this as a present for myself. Now, not only am I a geek, I'm a geek that can check his email wirelessly with a PDA. How cool is that?I've been a long-time Palm person (and a Newton user before that--but that's another story) and this is the best one I have seen.If you like Grafitti, you don't need this. Get a Tungsten and a wireless MMC card. However, if, like me, you think grafitti really isn't that good, this keyboard is excellent and you don't need grafitti at all. I'm able to dash off quick emails with it without problems.Anyway, the C is great--worth, in my opinion, the premium price.
Amazon shipped fast. Mount was easy to install and I had my new LCD hanging in minutes.
I have had these installed in every vehicle owned for several years now. They hold up over time and have not failed me yet. The CB handset has all features included, the power and antenna connector boxes can be bought separately, and are easy to install. Just be sure to use a good antenna. Weather feature and noise canceling work as advertised. The black plastic of the handset, while looking somewhat cheap has held up well. The yellow back light could use a brightness setting though. Very nice radio. I have replaced all others with these.4 watts output, loud audio, easy to use and install. Will last for years of use. You need these in all vehicles!Works well for logging roads and back roads. How many times have you seen a sign on a logging road with a CB channel on it and not gone since you had no way to tell where the trucks were? Get one of these.
Fast delivery as always and then memory was just what I needed in building a HTPC>
If you own the all in the handset Cobra CB, and want to use it in another car, camp trailer or boat, get this power and antenna adapter. Factory adapter, included with the Cobra CB. Makes it easy to move between vehicles. Just two wires for power and the antenna cable. Allows easy movement to a boat or camp trailer as well. Comes with a grommet for passing power wires through the firewall and sheet metal mounting screws. For use on a boat this should be mounted in a water resistant box or where it is dry. The steel case can rust.
This adapter will work for adapting a BNC antenna to a UHF style connector. The center conductor will transmit audio and the signal will get through. But over time, these cheaper connectors will tarnish and audio quality will drop off. Good for use on a hand held radio, but not for leaving out in the elements for a long period of time.Get the better Tessco version with a better finish for outdoor use.
This headset is nice for the price. It feels a bit bulky on my ear but it is light. It has a low/high microphone volume control (ear volume controlled on your phone). For me, the ear volume is plenty loud, even outdoors. The cord has a clip for your clothing. It works great with my Panasonic cordless phones. A great headset given the $15 price I paid for it at Amazon.
I got my DS-30 last week and I love it! This is the first digital stereo voice recorder I have owned. I am very impressed with the quality of manufacturing and the quality of the recordings. I uploaded some photos above to show the size of the unit and the contents of the package.The DS-30 can record with or without the attachable stereo microphone. This mic is so small though that even attached it still fits in my pocket.The "Hold" feature is nice. Press the Hold button will lock the DS-30 buttons until taken off hold. This is handy if you are moving around a lot or want to save the current recording or playback settings without fear of accidentally touching any of the buttons.It has a lot great features for recording both dictation (voice in quiet, close quarters) and conferences (voice in large, noisy rooms). These features include a Variable Control Voice Actuator which will automatically turn on/off the recorder based upon the volume level it senses, a microphone sensitivity setting and a Low Cut Filter. (Playback mode also has features like noise cancellation and voice filter.)The DS-30 can playback AVI and MP3 files. It can also play Audible format files as well as Podcasts. The device has a full-featured menu including adjustments for backlight, contrast and LED, powersave, 3 alarms and a voice guide. The alarms are very kewl. You can set them to play various alarms sounds or even use one or your own recordings!The D3-30 comes with ear buds and it can play MP3 and AVI files. I transferred some music to it and the quality of the MP3 player is really nice! I am not an audiophile but the DS-30 plays MP3s every bit as well as they sound on my laptop.Transferring files from my D3-30 to my computer was plug-n-play easy. I just attached the USB cable to my PC. Windows XP immediately recognized my DS-30 as a new device and displayed it as a new drive letter in my Windows Explorer list of drives. I could drag-n-drop files to and from, including MP3s. It could not be any easier. I did not install the DS-30 software. At this point I won't even need it and I prefer not to install a bunch of unnecessary software on my computer.The DS-30 package comes with:DS-30 Digital Stereo recorderUser Manual (well written)2 AAA batteriesEar budsUSB cableOlympus DSS software* Optional accessories include a remote control, telephone pickup and AC adapter.
Some of the earliest reviews (back from 2003, 2004) gave this bag 1, 2 or 3 stars because the measurements were very misleading. OK well it's 2010 now. Everyone who researches this bag knows it won't hold 2 bodies and 4 lenses lol Why Canon never updated the product tag, I have no idea! But whatever, it's a known typo. So I wanted to move on from that and write a review for what this bag is: Small in size, BIG in quality.For such a diminutive bag, it packs a big punch. Internal dimensions are (W * H * D): 9 * 6 1/2 * 5 1/4 inches. The main compartment holds my Canon 50D with a short prime attached (35mm, 50mm, etc.). Rebels are smaller so it can hold one with the kit lens. With my 50D there is space leftover in the main compartment for an additional lens (up to 6" in length), or other similar sized item(s). Outside there is a small front zippered pocket, the inside of which is further divided into several more small pockets. It more than big enough to hold myCanon TC80N3 Timer Remote Control for EOS D30, D60, D10, 1D, 1V & 20D SLR Cameras. It's also perfect for filters, lends caps, cloths, pens, etc. The top flap also has a zippered pocket but since this pocket comes down on top of your camera you won't want to put anything large or jagged in it. It's wide enough to hold the 50's user manual but it's not deep enough to zip shut with the manual inside.The case comes with two straps, a removable shoulder strap and a built-in waist strap. The waist strap tucks away into the bach of the bag so if you never use it, you never see it. And if you don't like straps, the top of the case has a nice padded carrying handle. The hardware is all metal, very high quality. The zippers, pulls and clips are all sturdy brushed metal. It's really a handsome looking bag, more masculine than some of the others I looked at.I've uploaded some photos here in case that helps.
Plug and play. Just wanted to tell the Mac people that this is good to go. THey have drivers for earlier operating systems, too, if you need them.Mac users: Need USBs? Get this.Enough said.
This is a new genuine new HP cartridge! Not gray market. I'll try to upload a couple photos but my box look just like the picture on this listing. Ordered mine through Amazon (February 2011) and was fulfilled by Adorama. I can't speak for other vendors but maybe it's a good idea to make sure your order is from one you trust.Not much else to say about this cartridge. Oh HP still packs them with a pre-paid UPS label to send back your empty. Eco friendly -- way to go HP! :)
I bought this based on the generally good reviews here. I tried it for a few days but it wasn't anything like I expected. First of all, I realized immediately that even with a high quality notebook screen, glare was going to be a problem in a car. Also, having to use a mouse and keyboard to enter data over to your side requires you to be stopped when using it for safety reasons. But that's not Garmin's fault. But where the Garmin really fell down was in things that it shouldn't have a problem with.1. Accuracy. Inconsistent. The maps were ok and even had many new roads in my area, but when I typed in an address and started following directions, they were just plain wrong. In one trip to an apartment that was even listed on their map itself, the unit kept trying to make me do a U turn half a mile before I reached the actual apartment. This would drive someone crazy if they were not familiar with the place's location already. Input a street address and sometimes it would be incorrect on the map. I knew the area well and otherwise it would have been a very frustrating trip to find the address.2. Data input. When trying to type in a new address to find, it would not recognize the proper spelling of many roads, and I would have to play games to "trick" the unit into accepting an address. Gate parkway N had to be inputted as N gate pkwy, or Touchton Road had to be put in as E Touchton Road, when it is not called that on street signs or anywhere else. Time consuming.3. Interface: I also found it less than intuitive to simply plot a trip, even w/o waypoints. It was a little less easy to use than some of the portable units I've seen demo tapes of.4. Directions: I tried to plan a trip to Tampa and was given a route that I knew to be longer and more difficult than just using the interstates. I guess because it was shorter in miles. I changed the preferences to weigh towards the interstates, but then it took me on loops around the perimeter here that made no sense. In another instance it had me drive by a place, avoid u-turning to get into it, then drive 5 miles in a loop around town to come back to it. But clicking off "avoid u turns" fixed that. The problem is, it then had me U-turning at every chance possible.5. points of interest. Pretty good, including some very obscure places here. But also many obvious ones were simply missing. I'm not sure how one gets his restaurant or store added to their maps, but when they don't include them all, you lose faith in the machine. It's better than nothing, but not good enough to rely on.My conclusion is that no computer navigator is going to be as good as a human brain with a map. So for that reason the routing feature of these devices is not very useful to me. But, I could use a nice color moving map which advised me of upcoming street names, sort of a driving "assistant". And for that, they'd do fine. However, using gps with your laptop isn't a great idea in practice unless you have a fancy setup to point it at yourself and hold it firmly in place, and the space to do so, like in a pickup truck. You need to be able to see the screen and you can't keep looking to your side to check it.I would advise getting an inexpensive portable unit you can attach in your line of site, entering the destination, using it to get into the general area, then figuring out how to get to the place itself on your own and just use the map as an aide to that. It is very helpful to see a graphical display of the upcoming roads. Units that name the roads for you are much more helpful but cost a lot more.I would NEVER trust these type of units to put me in the proper lane for an exit at high speed on the interstates. They require too much of your attention and what you gain from them you use in awareness of what's going on outside.I also was concerned over having my expensive notebook computer in the car all the time, more prone to damage or theft, than otherwise.The unit was great at finding a signal, even indoors it did ok.
The machine sets up easily and works very nice until it locks up. I didn't really know what the problem was the first time when all of my controls locked up and all I got was a blank screen so I called Humax and got a replacement unit since mine was still under warranty. The replacement unit also locked up in less than five minutes when I was scanning through the channels. Then I saw the postings here regarding the station lock-up problems and tried to fix the replacement unit. With my machine, simply unplugging it won't reset the unit as it is still keyed in the same station that caused the lock-up in the first place. The fix is to unplug your coaxial cable, delete the problem station and then reconnect your antennae. In my case (signals from Empire State Bldg), only one station needed to be deleted. Lucky for me, it was a duplicate station so I am not missing out on any programming.Apparently the people answering the phone on the Humax end are not aware of this problem. They should send out some sort of notice with their set-up instructions.For those who are planning to install a UHF antenna in the attic, apparently you lose up to 50% of your signal when it is installed in an attic as compared to being on the outside.
You normally get what you paid for but the proof is also in the pudding. LIke other reviewers, I am asking myself why I would pay more at a brick & mortar store for these cables. They work good enough for my senses.
I can't speak to reliability, but I've had mine for 3 weeks and it's wonderful. If you are currently using an MP3-CD player, look no further. The versatility and sound quality beat any cd-player hands-down. Better yet, if your car stereo has 'Aux In' jacks, you can add this player to your car and rock to your entire MP3 collection.The RockBox software is a great upgrade. It even has provisions for using the Archos full-time as a car-only player. The best feature, to me, is the 'resume' feature for 'shuffle' mode. The RockBox website has simple instructions for making a playlist that contains all of your music files. The 'resume' feature allows you to make an 'all files' playlist, shuffle it, and resume right where you were when you turn off the player. On turn-on, it starts right in the middle of the song where you left off, AND preserves your place in the (random shuffle) playlist. Load your entire collection, and never hear the same song twice, as long as you own it! Awesome feature.You don't need special software to load your files (it's just drag-and-drop' in Windows. The player also functions as a USB2 hard drive :-)For the price, you absolutely can not go wrong with this player.
I disagree with the other review-I have had this remote for 3 years and it is the best I've ever had. I agree that the manual is hard to use, but once you figure it out it is easy. Figure to set aside an hour to fully program this thing. The best features are:1. it is a real 'learning' remote, learns anything with any button.2. It does 'scripts' - push one button and you can program many many operations, like turn on multiple devices and change all the settings to watch a DVD and open the dvd drawer, stuff like that. Can program up to 8 different multi-op scripts.3. It is all but indestructible. I swear, last night I was watching a Vietnam doumentary and I threw the f***ing remote at the wall with all my strength. It broke into several pieces. My wife put it all in the trash and went to bed. I got up this morning and dug it out, so ashamed. I taped it back together, put the batteries back in, and IT WORKS perfectly. Didn't even lose the device settings or script programming!I'm here to see if I should buy another, but this thing may last forever. Get one for as little as nine teen (refurb) and live large :-)
This basically does what I want--with the optional keyboard and case, requires little space and weight in a suitcase when those are at a premium--major drawbacks are processor speed, battery life (maybe half an hour based on settings), and limited wireless distance. Otherwise great machine.
I won this camera at a Christmas office building raffle!It's a great camera; I love it. It takes great pictures for such an easy-to-use camera. I could go into depth about it, but why? I have nothing negative to say about this little package. Well, it didn't come with a case, so I had to buy that separately from Canon, but that was the only &quot;bad&quot; thing.I've been taking photos since this little PowerShot landed in my hands, and I am very impressed with the pictures. I have not needed to color-correct in Photoshop, as I would normally do with other hobbyist/consumer cameras I've used or owned. If you're looking for a semi-pro or pro camera, no, this isn't for you, but if you're a CONSUMER who likes to take pictures of family, friends, your dog, your car, your feet, or whatever...then yes, this is a very good buy for the price. I took a very nice picture of an Arizona sunset on Christmas day with this little unit, and although I'm no photographer, the picture turned out great.
How can you beat a camera case that is a perfect fit (Canon A530), is well made, looks nice, and is ridiculously cheap? Highly recommended.
We have not had this item for long but we have enjoyed it so far. The picture is beautiful. My daughter was looking at a movie in the backseat. Someone in the movie was pouring water and it sounded so real I had to turn around and make sure it was not my daughter pouring the water. We have had other portable DVD and Video Cassette Players and this one has the better picture and sound by far. She did not need to have on headphones in order to hear the movie while in the car.My sister has a portable DVD player that messes up every time it is moved. That was my first test of the the Audiovox D2011 and it passed with flying colors!It is user friendly. My 10 year old was able to figure out the machine and the remote without consulting the owners manual. I love the feature that it will resume play where you stopped the movie (as long as it is connected to power source). That has been a big drawback to DVD's for me up until now since many DVD start out with mandatory commercials that you have to sit through before getting to the menu.The only drawback for me is a bag to carry it and the remote and various cords in so we can keep everything together. Oh well, I guess I'll just have to go shopping! (smiley face)I really feel good about this purchase and getting my money's worth.
This cable was supposed to replace my 3ft cable between my Buffalo external Firewire RAID and my Toshiba Laptop running Windows 7, Ubuntu 10.04 and Mac OS 10.6.4. In none of the OSes this cable could establish connectivity. Plugging any of my other 3ft cables in established connectivity right away.I do not have any other devices to connect with this cable, but I am pretty sure that I am not dealing with a length issue here. If the cable was too long for the voltage I think my FW HD would at least be somewhat visible to any my OSes, instead of complete silience.So I need to classify this Belkin cable as defective right out-of-the-box and am returning it. Am ordering this one now insteadhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002PRE1XI/sr=1-18/qid=1279431265/ref=olp_product_details?ie=UTF8&me;=&qid;=1279431265&sr;=1-18&seller;=
LOGITECH 360It's almost identical to the Logitech Harmony 550 with xbox360 cosmetic styling (the white/gray) and added xbox360 color buttons for 360 media functions. It is the most advanced and best of all 1st and 3rd party remotes available for the xbox360. It is also the most expensive - but this is one of the only times I will argue that this expense is absolutely worth it. This remote, like all Harmony remotes, will in fact replace every other remote you've ever seen, even goofy oddball companies (like the remote control window fan I have). You will be able to set up any scenario with the remote by the press of a button. For example, press "Watch TV" and it turns on the TV (if off) sets it to the correct input (if not already on the correct input), turns on your audio receiver (if off) and sets to the correct input, turns on your satellite receiver or cable box (if off) and any other piece of equipment you tell it to for that activity. It'll even dim the lights for you, if you have remote controlled lights. If you wanna watch a movie next, press "Watch Movie", this remote switches the inputs on your TV and audio receiver for you, turns on your DVD player and turns off you satellite/cable box. After the movie is over and you wanna play Xbox, press the "Play Game" (or whatever you name that function), it'll turn off your DVD player and turn on the xbox360, again switching the inputs...You can control what these activities are and how they function.If you don't have an xbox360, there is 0% reason to get this over the 550, 880, 890, etc...If you own an xbox360 and like the styling or use it a lot, there is a pretty good reason to get it. There is really no reason to get any other remote to use the xbox360's media functions - the joystick controller can actually do this for you.THINGS THIS REMOTE DOES HAVE THAT OTHER GENERAL REMOTES DON'T HAVE- USB port that will always be able to upgrade firmware, software and learn new remote codes via internet- the basic ability to control everything you've ever seen at a simple touch. A lot of other remotes say they are "universal" but usually have some goofy problem controlling some of the electronics you own.THINGS THIS REMOTE DOESN'T HAVE THAT OTHER HARMONY REMOTES DO HAVE- not rechargeable (like 880, 890)- no advanced LCD activity graphics (like 880, 890)- no RF signal (like 890)ABOUT OTHER HARMONY REMOTESMany people already own a 550, 880, etc. These are all very good and all pretty much work the same with slightly different styling and interfaces. My personal favorite is the 890 which does both IR (infra-red) and RF (radio freq) signals - the RF signals will usually penetrate or go around walls and work with home automation applications (like turning on/off lights/appliances remotely). But the 890 is very expensive.ABOUT LOGITECHThey make some pretty solid and reliable hardware.One negative note: Logitech sometimes flubs on their software, which means you have to wait a few weeks to update your remote until they fix it.
This is a very nice gift for relatives who complain about not having enough pictures of you and your family. It's easy to use, it saves shelf space, and the beauty of it is, you can set it up for your grandma so that she doesn't have to fuss with it (not that she would want to). All she has to do is turn the frame on and off.I'm giving this frame as a gift, so I loaded up around 30 pictures from my PC. The software to do this -- it's called Photo Manager -- is basic and no-frills. It is a drag-and-drop application which grandma could probably learn to use. The picture frame is recognized by your PC as a USB storage device; copying picture files over is very easy and fast.The frame itself is pretty nice. It doesn't look or feel like cheap wares. I didn't bother with the other color frames; I just stuck to the metal-looking one. More importantly, the screen is pretty good, not perfect, but pretty darn good. I tested it on maximum brightness, and although some of the JPEGs looked too saturated, I wasn't looking at the frame in full daylight conditions. A note though: I also resized all my pictures in Photoshop to 480x720 (portrait mode) before loading them into the frame's memory. The pictures looked great.The frame's control interface leaves a lot to be desired. It's easy enough to use once you get the hang of it: the buttons on back basically act as up, down, left, right, confirm. But tech-phobe grandma won't be attempting to change the settings. The interface is just not intuitive enough, and the buttons are kind of small for those who lack dexterity or have arthritis.I still definitely recommend this frame as a gift if you have money to burn and want to wow the old folks with digital technology. I suspect that digital frames will become more popular, so let's hope the quality improves.
I've tried third party inks, but the colors come out so much better if I use Epson inks that I'm willing to pay the extra cost.
[ important -- rating reduced from 4 star to 2 star -- see review update at end ]This is a basic non-MP3 portable CD player. The good news is that, compared to the others on the market (that I have had experience with), it actually works for a decent length of time. I'm currently on my second one. The first one lasted for about 170 hours worth of play time (estimated). Then the drive motor conked out and would not spin the disk. Compared with some of the other CD players I've gone through, this is -- relatively but not absolutely -- an acceptable performance. It should have lasted longer but this is the best that can be expected with an electronic product manufactured in China (as they all are nowadays). To see how bad this can be, see my one-star review of theMemorex Personal CD Player.Noteworthy is the fact that this Sony actually survived a drop of about 4 feet onto pavement. The case got dinged but it continued to perform unimpaired.The bad news is just some nit-picking on my part, the reason I cannot award five stars. First, it's needlessly expensive ($38 at Wal-Mart). I have no use for the car kit and the earbuds (boy how I love to hate earbuds). Second, the buttons are small and black, making them hard to manipulate (the case is the same black). Third, it cannot be programmed to play tracks in a desired sequence. Fourth, the track repeat modes do not work as they do on every other brand of CD player. As usual, Sony just has to do things its own way, regardless of industry standards. If you just want to repeat the same track, you're out of luck here. Fifth, the el cheapo battery compartment is inside the cover, forcing the user to remove the CD and use some kind of tool (pencil or small screwdriver) to remove the spent batteries (because the compartment is located so close to the cover hinge). To be fair, that's the way all recently manufactured portable CD players are made.I remember back in 2001 or 2002 I got a $20 no-name brand CD player from WalMart that had all these nifty features. And it lasted for a good 6 years of heavy use before it wore out. They just don't make electronics like they used to!! Here we have yet another example showing how this throwaway society of ours is getting cheapened all the time. Whenever I think we've at last hit bottom, along comes an even newer low. Oh well.[ review update, July 14 2012 ]Well, my second Sony portable CD player just gave up the ghost. After about 20 hours of play time this time. I'm fed up. I reduced the rating to two stars. I am tempted to make it one star, but that would put it on the same level as theMemorex Personal CD Player, which died after about 3 hours. Too bad I can't make it 1 1/2 stars.
Used it to charge iPad and iPod in the UK using the US Apple transformer and nothing blew up, which is probably the best one can say.
I bought this kit to install a Pioneer radio in my 1998 Accord. When I got the dashboard apart and got the factory radio out it became obvious to me that the Metra kit was not only unnecessary for the installation but that its light weight plastic parts are far inferior to the sturdy metal bracket that Honda used. The only reason I can imagine for using this kit is if you want to leave out the small storage box, or "pocket", below the OEM radio; the Metra kit includes a face plate that covers up this area. You can opt to use the Metra kit and keep the pocket by cutting off the bottom of the kit's frame, but this makes the entire installation even flimsier than it already is. So, if your Honda came with a radio in the first place so that it has the OEM bracket, you don't need this bag o' plastic.
First off, a little background... I consider myself fairly skilled at using computers.. I have been using them for 25+ years and have installed operating systems, configured routers, set up wireless networks, recovered systems from virus crashes, etc. Reading the below reviews I thought that while installing the music bridge might be a bit tricky, I could handle it.WOW. I don't know where to begin. This product has the worst documentation I've ever seen, both in the box and online. I spent 10+ hours getting this to work on my system, plus another hour un-doing damage to my system registry after the Music Bridge driver conflicted with another driver in my system and caused a crash.Having said that, I finally have it up and running and it is operating as promised, though using 100% of my CPU power and thus causing the computer to run very slowly.Reading the support forum on the linksys site, the people that have the fewest problems installing this equipment are those that don't have routers. Ironically, though Linksys (and Cisco) are router companies, the instructions do not include the special steps that must be taken to re-configure your router so it will connect with the bridge.Be warned - this is not plug and play and you may very well spend a lot of frustrating time trying to get it to work. Once it is working there are many idiosyncracies (eg having to close and open your music player to get it to play through the bridge) that you would not expect from a well-designed piece of hard/software.This is a bargain for a reason - I'd suggest you spend a little more and find something better. Good luck!!
this thing has worked perfectly for over a year.- the connection never drops. never had to reset it. (RF signal)- no problems with the cursor/pointer. (optical, not rolling ball).- using a non-rechargeable wireless mouse is a pain in the butt. you'll be scrambling to find batteries like I did for years (and may be screwed when you do not have any! - you'll be removing them from remote controls) when they run out.- it holds a charge for a week or longer of HEAVY use. i routinely forget to charge it because the charge lasts so long.This is the way it is supposed to be!
These are legit Sandisk cards. They are not bootlegs. The 4GB card will serve useful in my phone and many other products. Cheap, affordable and legit! Don't hesitate to buy one!
Yes, WinCE machines tend to be larger than their Palm counterparts, and the RAM doesn't stretch as far as on their more elegantly-coded competitors, but the Nino is a good bet. Inexpensive, especially since it includes a modem (although my modem showed up broken; another is en route from Philips). There are enough freeware programs out there to make customization easy, and there are no compatibility problems syncing with Outlook.WinCE is still a kludgy operating system, but you're getting a *real* handheld PC with all that phrase implies (both good and bad).
I'm giving this keyboard one star because ultimately a keyboard primarily needs to have keys that are comfortable for me to use and don't impede my input. I found the keys on this keyboard to be way too "spongey", meaning that the keys press down quite a ways then don't spring right back up... It was akin to walking through quicksand, if that makes sense... I found myself having to press the keys harder, and that would then slow down the next key press. Strongly suggest you try this one out in the store!
I own the Logitech Pc wireless Music System and have been very happy with that... it's about $60 or so on Amazon these days. It allows your stereo to serve as an external computer speaker -- so basically you can transmit sound from your computer to the stereo.I bought this because it provides the added functionality of being able to use a remote (included) at your stereo to select songs/albums etc almost like looking at an iPod. I set it up in about 10 minutes, downloaded software updates, etc and had music running.It uses a Bluetooth signal to transmit (instead of your computer's wireless network) and that signal seems subject to interference. Every few minutes, there's a 1 second or less gap in the sound that begins to really grate on your nerves after listening for a while. The included documentation and online forums recommend changing placement of the transmitter etc which I tried but to no avail.And frankly, technology has evolved to the point where we should be able to plug and listen without a lot of fiddling around to get something to work. I also found accessing internet radio stations, while possible, not easy, and half the time I get an error message saying that the receive cannot find the station.Logitech seems to be focusing on their new Squeezebox and my sense is that this is marked down because they're moving on to better things. You should, too. I'm returning mine to Amazon.
I had purchased one of these before for a previous pda and had been relatively satisfied. However, when I purchased another one clearly listed for the iPAQ H5550 model pda it was too small. On top of that they mixed it up and sent me the non-anti-glare version, despite ordering anti-glare. You should know it measure 3"x2 3/4". If you have a large pda this will not work for you. They also ship in in a normal paper envelope like a letter. Never buy anything you can't hold in your hands and see for yourself is the lesson here.
I really liked mu iLuv ear clips when I got them but, after only a few weeks they are falling apart! First the ear cushions fell off and now part of the mechanism itself has disappeared. This is just from carrying them around. They do not hold up very well!
I have these headphone for over five years, and they are still my main headphone for gaming, music, and watching movies. First off, these are not made to be warn outside. They are too big, the wire is too long, large connectors, and the person next to you can easily hear them since they are open ear. Anybody less than 3 feet away from you will hear them on medium volume. Open ear simply means that the sound will be exposed to the outside. This is a good thing since it will sound more natural like listening to speakers far away, and it doesn't put pressure on your ears. In fact, the great thing about this headphone is that it doesn't touch your ear, the cushion goes around the side of your face. This headphone replaced my old Plantronics headset which I have used for a very long time too. I also tried the Bose quietcomfort 3 as a possible replacement to the HD555, but they put way too much pressure on my ear and did not sound any better. If you cannot afford a home theater sound system or cannot use it, I definitely recommend that you check out the HD555. You can wear them for hours without any pain, and the sound quality is always amazing. Finally, I like to mention that the HD555 DOES stand up to the test of time. Every time I'm done with them, I just throw them on the sofa, and it often ends up on the floor. There are some minor scratch and small cracks over the past five years, but it is still overall solid. Nothing is hanging out, and both audio side have always worked. That said, it is quality built. The large connector insures that the connection on the HD555 will not break easily, like most earphones. The long, thick wires lets you stretch it around your tv or computer. There are cushion on all side that touches your head, it feels like cotton. Also, you can only wear them on one position meaning you won't be confuse with which is left and right, and the headphone will property bend to fit over your head. In comparison, I have tried the high-end Bose and Dr. Dre, both noise-canceling headphones, and they will NOT replace my HD555. Noise-canceling actually puts some weird sound pressure on my ear that I never got used to, but like I said, the HD555 are to be warn at home, so there is no need for noise-cancelling, and sometimes, earring your surrounding is a good thing. If you are curious, I wear the klipsch image s4 when outside, and they sound awesome too, but at home it's HD555 all the way.
The is perfectly matched for Yamaha's sounds bars (ysp-1, ysp-800, ysp-1000). Get it if you have one! This sub was specifically designed just for the soundbar. There is no other sub so perfectly matched.This sub produces clear base. Nothing too deep and thumping - but nice clean quality base. If you want a real thumper (and I mean rattle the neighbors windows and set off car alarms), you may want to look else where. This sub is as much sub as any sound conisouir needs.Using this sub with the sound bar is a must! It allows the sound bar to dedicate itself to the hi and mid-range tones - not wasting speaker space with artificially base. You can't fully appreciate the technology, quality, and clarity of the soundbar unless you also use this sub. They are a match made in YamaHEAVEN.
I do not consider myself an audiophile, but I think these speakers are great..we installed them on the back of our house for music in the backyard and connected them to a Sonos player... they do NOT disappoint and our guests have even asked what kind of speakers they are. No, they don't have that distinct "Bose" sound, but the sound is very "clean" and there's good bass response, especially considering they are playing outside without walls to bounce off of.They were easy to install, sound great, and are a good value. Highly recommended!Hope this helps.
This is a cute little camera pouch for my Nikon 4100 digital camera and two spare batteries. I like it because it is small and fits in my handbag just like the camera does, but with a little extra protection against everyday abuse from keys and what-nots in my handbag. Reasonable price for a Nikon-brand camera pouch at less than $8 on Amazon, and would have given it a 5-star if not for the fact that the camera fits so snuggly in the pouch that I have to be very careful when zipping or unzipping for fear of scratching the camera in the pouch.
As a low-power gamer, this was a good upgrade for my Dell Pentium D w/ Vista Ultimate. Two weeks later the same 8500 GT but w/ 1GB came out for $50 !!! Now I know why the price dropped... anyhow, I am happy with it. No issues. Get the latest nVidia software at their site.
I am a dedicated Sennsheiser fan. I have tried other brands, but always depend on Sennheiser for the best sound. I have been please with every set of headphones that I have ever own - about 5 pair, ranging from these $60 pair to a $400 pair of studio phones. The build is supurb and the sound is also the best for the money.The travel case is great. Very easy to use as long as the headphones are folded correctly - very easy since one side has a number 1 and the other side a number 2. Just fold into the small rivets, slide into the case, and wrap the cord. Simple and very useful!
The printer cycles(loses ink) everytime you turn it on or when you're not using it. I've had to replace the same ink catidges for each color 4 times now and I've only printed 60 sheets in the 2 months that i had this printer with ink printing on normal ink saving mode. You also lose ink because the colors get clogged so you have to cycle the thing 3 or 4 times to unclog, then when one of your ink catridges runs out of ink, it gives you a warning that you don't have ink and that you have to buy more ink or else you can't use your printer.
I pretty much agree with the other reviewers: fits the H10 to a tee, but little room for anything else.I find it to be a perfect solution to simply protect the camcorder during trips, etc. It's such a perfect fit you could almost drop this case into another, larger nylon case with pockets for accessories, etc if you wanted to.As a special, limited time promotion from Amazon I also got it for free when I bought the HV10, but to be honest I am not sure that I would have actually purchased it. They show it as having a "$149 value," and quite frankly anyone who would pay $149 for it, even when considering its high quality, would have to be out of their tree. The price has recently dropped to around $70, which is probably more like it if you really feel you need a top quality leather case tailor made for your HV10, with little room for anything else other than the camcorder itself.
I sent for this just before a trip, thinking it would be great to have. It never worked. I got a "memory card error". I was forced to go to a local camera shop and buy a similar card made by Panasonic for $99. I am returning this; will not try SanDisk again.
Perfect bag for my portable DVD player. There is even room for my headphones, DVD's, and remote, plus little accessories. Targus makes a great product.
bought this for my son last year. It is the best of the best. He has had no problems with it and stilluses it.
The armband is a bit dodgy and hard to adjust but otherwise this works really well. My iPod is an old one-60GB video-but it still fits. The first time I tried to put my iPod in the case, I couldn't get it in and was convinced it wasn't as universal as claimed. However, it does loosen up consideraly with use. Holds your pod very snugly. It won't fall out as it occasionally did with my old armband.
I bought this item with some degree of trepidation after reading some of the reviews. However, the price I found via the Amazon Warehouse Deals website presented me with an offer I couldn't refuse. The unit was listed as refurbished and was less than half the price of a new unit.I received it within two days and it looked new to me, except for a slightly tattered box. Because of the reviews, I was so worried about whether or not it might damage my CDs, I made copies of the ones I cherish the most and put those in "just in case." I have loaded about 110 CDs into it (I can't really see the day when I will fill it up) and have run it fairly solidly for several days. It works like a charm; great sound and it has not harmed my CDs at all. Like others have mentioned, I also put together an Excel spreadsheet to track which CDs are in each slot as I inserted them and I categorized them by type (jazz, rock, pop, etc.) My next step will be to enter these categories as the artist names so that I can have it randomly select those tracks to stay within the same music "mood" (the manual actually offers this approach as a suggestion for randomly playing music).It does not really bother me, as some have complained, that I cannot also have it randomly select tracks from the same artist as well; if I want that I'll just keep playing those particular discs myself, no big deal. I have also put together quite a few of my own music compilations onto discs and I like the fact that if I want to throw in a few MP3 formats, it can handle those as well.I find it interesting that some have complained about these type of machines only lasting five years. If I can get three years out of it I will feel I (easily) got my money's worth. The sound is excellent and I also have no issue with the disc changing time. Although it is fairly large (hey, it holds 400 CDs!), it has a really nice appearance with a soft blue light that is lit in the background when it is on. It does tend to get you play CDs more than you normally might simply because they are so much handier.Anyway, for me, so far so good. I am not really a Sony fan due to their proprietary marketing strategies (e.g. Memory Stick and Blue-Ray)which I think are bad for the consumer, but I have to give them credit for this one....I couldn't be happier with it. If things change in regard to its performance or quality, I will update this review. I am not sure if I would be quite as thrilled if I had paid the full price, but as for the Warehouse Deals deal I couldn't be more satisfied with my purchase.
This thing jammed up right out of the package..right now I am just leaving it the same length rather than try to fight it back into position (which I did for a while; it stayed tangled). The cable is also fairly thin. I don't really think this is worth it. In hindsight I wish I had simply purchased a short patch cable.
The camera is very nice, and was easy to install and be able to view on my home computer. However, it is supposed to be able to be viewed over the internet from other computers or from internet enabled cell phones. I have spent hours trying to make it work. I downloaded manuals for the camera, for my router and anything else I could think of. I emailed Panasonic, Verizon, and the camera web service and nothing has worked, so I have given up.
If you own lot of vinyl like I do your prayers are answered. This product is very versatile, the software that comes with it is user friendly, the sound reproduction is very good and you can even play your records like a regular turntable as well as record to your hd to make cds. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because I wish it had come with a dust cover. For all the goodies you get the price is very reasonable. I'm very happy with it.
These speakers sound great and have held up well for almost five years now in humid South Florida. I mounted them them outside under the eaves of my house. Even with the cheap plastic brackets that they came with for mounting, they have survived several hurricanes with no problem. The only issue is that the screen plates on the front have started to rust. I will eventually get around to popping them off, cleaning them, and spray painting them. Considering what they have been through and how good they still sound, that is a minor negative, so five stars from my side. Definitely worth the price.
I would almost call this bag a small piece of luggage as opposed to a camcorder bag, but nevertheless it was exactly what I was looking for.I have a small camcorder, the Panasonic HDC-SD5, but I also have the optional DVD VW-BN1 burner and the optional VW-PT2 40GB hard drive. Then, of course, there are also all of the cords that go with the camcorder as well as the cords for these two optional devices. I wanted something large enough to hold everything together when I travel, and this bag does the job. I even have my camcorder inside a smaller bag that I put inside this bag, so when I get to my destination I can leave the larger bag at the hotel or wherever and only carry the camcorder itself in the smaller one, along with a couple of spare SD cards and a spare battery. Even with a wide-angle lens attached, the camcorder, inside the smaller bag, fits nicely, in a vertical position, inside the main compartment of this bag.The bag is very well padded all around and the inside compartment has one divider down the middle and quite a few dividers on each side of that one, all or any of which can be adjusted or removed. The shoulder strap is also nicely padded. The end pockets are nice and roomy as well; I keep a spare battery and a wide angle or zoom lens in those.The bag appears to be of high quality and hopefully it will last for a while; if my experience proves otherwise I will update this review. I have no idea what "durahyde" is, but my best guess is that it is nothing more than a fancy name for very thick vinyl. I did a lot of research to find a bag this size...not a whole lot of choices are out there, but I am very pleased with this one.
Others have covered the pros and cons of this device pretty well. I just thought I would mention that I use it in my car with no external antenna and it works great, with very little to no loss of reception. I live in South Florida, which might have something to do with it....I'm not sure.Be aware that if you put it in the docking station, the internal antenna cuts off, so you must use an external antenna with it docked.I mounted it in a cup holder device with a mount made to hold a cell phone (shop around, you can find these for about $10). I only have a wire going out from the headphone connection to my radio, which has an external jack for a peripheral device, and a wire to the cigarette lighter plug for power. I really don't even need the power connection if I prefer to just keep it charged and home and move it back and forth, which means I only really need the one wire to the radio for it to work, should I prefer to set it up that way. By the way, if you have a car charger for a Roady device, it should work fine with the Inno with their included adapter (mine did).My only really complaint is that the remote that comes with it has really stiff buttons, so changing the channels, etc with it takes some getting used to, meaning that simple tasks via the remote are more work than they ought to be. Also, switching to the favorite channel listings that you have created is sort of a pain....you have to click the right arrow key, then move up or down, then click select, then if nothing is on that channel you want to listen to, back you go again through the same process. I wish there was a simpler way to do this (there may be, perhaps I just don't know about it).The record feature is particular handy to have...if you are listening to a song on the XM that you like, just hit the record button and it records it from the beginning, even if you push record halfway through the song. You do, of course, have to have it on that particular channel from the song's beginning. When nothing good is on (yes, even with all their channels quite often XM comes up short on anything worth listening too) you can switch over to your recorded songs.Anyway, I've been very pleased with it thus far and I do recommend it.
Got this on a Goldbox Deal and could not be more pleased. Very simple plug-and-use....very compact in size and has functioned without any problem. I highly recommend.
I bought this to go with my Garmin 7200 and have used it about a week. I got it mainly for XM reception, but also for the XM traffic and weather updates. I am still checking out the usefulness of the traffic updates, but so far the XM reception has been great. I don't even have to put it on the dashboard. I keep it on the console by the shift in my Armada and still get all three bars showing full, meaning at maximum, reception. I am pleased about this because it tended to get quite warm sitting on the dash in the sun, and over time heat kills electronics, plus I don't have to have it in plain sight for thieves to notice and I don't have to have wires streaming all over the place.Keep in mind that one reason for the steep price is due to the fact that the actual XM radio is within this circular unit....it's not just an antenna. The Garmin GPS is merely an interface for the XM receiver that is built into the GXM30 Antenna.Also keep in mind that it does not work as an antenna for GPS reception, only for the reception of XM radio. So if you are having trouble in that area, this is not going to remedy it. You will need to purchase yet another antenna for the GPS satellite reception side of things.Lastly, on another note, if you already have an XM radio built into your car radio, but want the XM weather/traffic updates to be pumped through your Garmin GPS, you will have to activate this as a separate radio and pay the additional fee for both an additional XM radio and the XM weather/traffic updates. You might want to give some serious thought as to whether or not you really want that feature that badly.It does seem to be high quality, but nevertheless I plan to keep it inside my car, which should help it last longer. I do believe, though, that despite what it does it is, in fact, over-priced, so minus one star.
Hello - I have been a fan of Netgear products for many years. I feel, unfortunately, that their products are being released with more and more bugs. This is by far the worst I've ever owned.I got an ill feeling when I opened the box, and the first thing that comes out is a bright yellow sheet of paper saying to be sure to check their website for any bug fixes before using the wireless capabilities. Hmmmm....Then I hooked it up and ran security scans from GRC.com. The router fails - it has ports 13 and 21 WIDE OPEN for all the world to see. In addition, the default is to respond to all pings from the internet.Then I upgraded the firmware as advised and tried the wireless. First, there is no WPA on this router yet. They claim it will come later. Then it would not reliably connect with my 108mbps Netgear wireless card even though the boxes said it would. It would fail authentication for about 2 minutes then all of a sudden would establish the connection.And the last straw was the error messages. They are in poor English. For example, when my wireless connections got dropped and I tried to log back on, the router displayed this message: USER ALREADY LOGINED ON. Logined on? What the heck is that?So it went back to the store. I'll stick with my old Netgear products for now until they all die.
I have owned this GPS for a few weeks now and for a while debated on whether to keep it or return it. In the end, I have decided that the features I like about it outweigh the negatives, so I will stick with my purchase.Here are the main features I like about it:1. It has a large 7-inch screen, which is bright and sharp. This screen size is very difficult to find on any model of any brand and for me was the biggest selling feature.2. It can play MP3 music, but keep in mind that this is the ONLY recordable format it can play. If you have wma files, for example, you will have to convert them to MP3.3. It has a removable SD card that you can add music or POI files to. I use a 4GB card that it reads with no problem.4. You can download POI files and categorize them. You can also add customized POI icons that appear on the map as you are driving. You can set an alert to inform you of the POI as you get close to the location, and choose the range at which you want the alert to sound.5. You can use it to play XM radio through, with the additional purchase of an antennaGarmin GXM30 XM Satellite Antenna for GPSMap 376C, 7200 and 7500 (010-00423-00), which is fairly expensive, I might add.6. With the XM radio added, the 7200 will download and display traffic information as well as weather information. This service costs extra to your regular XM subscription.7. It has an audio out jack, so if your car radio has an auxiliary in jack you can hook it straight into your radio via a patch cable. When driving and listening to XM (or MP3), the music stops while it gives you street-named directions, and then the music comes back on again. Admittedly, this can get annoying if a song is on you like and several directions in a row come around. You can, however, turn the voice direction off and just watch the screen. You can also transmit through the FM radio, which I have not tried.8. It does not require an external antenna for the GPS reception, although a jack for one is available on the back of the unit. I keep it on my dash and the GPS reception is great without one.9. It mounts beautifully on a Garmin made bean bag mountGarmin Beanbag for Portable Friction Mount for Garmin GPS Units (Beanbag Only - Mount not Included). I have sitting in a crevace on the dash of an SUV and it does not block my vision at all, even with the large screen size.10. The touch screen is great. Due to the screen size, it is very easy to read, very responsive, and sounds a pleasing little "click" every time you tap a key.11. On the routing, it has a handy "take me home" key that can get you going that direction from wherever, quickly and easily.Things I have found that are not so great:1. This is probably the biggest one....the early reviewer who stated that it does not show street names in any detail is absolutely correct. I also own a Garmin Quest that is four years old and has a tiny screen, and it shows much, much more street detail than the 7200, even when the 7200 is zoomed in all the way. It does have the latest map and device software/firmware loaded. Oddly, though, the 7200 shows me the name of every single canal I cross over. Why Garmin would think I would want to see canal names instead of the names of the streets is beyond me.2. It has steered me wrong on several occasions. When I am going to the airport, for example, it will try to take me across the city instead of via the freeway, even though I have it set for "fastest route." To avoid this, I now have it set so that it believes that the vehicle I am driving is a truck instead of a car. It also once sent me the completely wrong direction while I was in the Florida Keys. After six miles, it told me to make a u-turn. It also tries to take me down a street that is not a through-street when it is routing me home. My older Quest never gave me any of these routing errors.3. I don't consider this a big deal, but it does not have an internal battery. So, if you want to take it indoors to enter an address, etc you will need to plug in the AC cord (provided).4. When it takes you quite a few clicks to get to a screen to do something, it will take you just as many clicks to go back to where you started, normally the map view screen.5. The XM radio interface is poorly designed. You have three sections for pre-set stations, and each section allows six choices. Moving from one section of pre-sets to the next is cumbersome. They should have set it up for either more favorite stations in each section or perhaps only two sections with nine entries.Also be aware that this model is now discontinued by Garmin, so this will be about as good as it gets. Some of the newer models have things like the speed limit of the street you are on, vehicle icons that can be customized, etc. Every GPS has some features others don't, so careful research pays off.I should also add that if you already have XM capability within your current car radio, this may not be the best choice. If you want to add the XM traffic feature, you have to add the cost of an additional radio as well...you can't just add the traffic update on its own.In the final analysis though, because it offers MP3, XM, and a large screen size, I have decided to keep it. This probably sounds odd because the actual GPS capability of the unit is the least reason I decided to keep it. It isn't bad as far as providing directions, but from my experience it is far from perfect. Hope this long-winded review helped, thanks.
I own a Canon VIXIA HF S100 and bought the external microphone that attaches to the top. I wanted a camcorder bag that would allow me to leave the mic attached (it sticks up pretty far and sticks a few inches in front as well). This bag allows me to do that inside the main compartment, with a little room to spare for other odds and ends. It has quite a few partitions you can arrange however you want, or take them out all together should you only prefer to have one, big, roomy main storage area. These partitions include one the full length of the main compartment, so you can put the camcorder on top and put other items underneath, if you want to arrange it that way.Not only does it have the two pockets on each side, but it also has two, thin zippered side-by-side compartments under the top flap with see-through fabric, good for storing SD cards or something along that line. Plus, it has one thin compartment on the front, only fastened by Velcro (no zipper) on top, and one thin pocket on the back, with no zipper OR Velcro,on top; it's just open, but a tight fit. The compartment on the back is perfect for holding airline tickets and your passport; it's easily accessible yet fairly deep and secure enough for that purpose.One thing to be aware of (I wasn't) is that the two side pockets you see sticking out on each side in the photo don't come off; they are permanently attached. This doesn't really bother me, but since they are permanent fixtures I don't really understand why they weren't designed to be the full size of the bag on each side for more space; I think the way they stick out makes the bag look a little odd, but not overly so.Another item on my wish list is for a Velcro seal on the main flap on the top of the bag for extra safety to prevent the camcorder from spilling out instead of just the buckle. I had a bad experience with that with a previous (now broken beyond repair) camcorder.The last item on my wish list would be to take off the JVC lettering on the front. Although it's clearly a camera/camcorder bag and is therefore probably holding something expensive, I don't see the purpose in flaunting that fact. I also don't care to be a walking, traveling ad for JVC; particularly since I don't own any of their products (except for this bag, of course).Overall, though, I really do like the bag. I like the quality of the construction, the various pockets, the flexibility it offers with all of the adjustable partitions, and I think the size is just right.
It was exactly what I needed. I use my 3800 with regular batteries and use this when I am downloading my pix or using the webcam. It works great.
Wish I had another of the earlier model - this one is a pain to use.My biggest complaint is my middle finger keeps inadvertently pressing the right key.I like moving the ball with my index finger and the earlier model had a smaller ball.
I am not a technological genius, yet I set up this router, and installed an airport card in my iBook, both in under 30 minutes. This router has up to 256-bit encryption if used with a proprietary D-link card; Apple supports up to 128-bit encryption, which is what I use since I have the Apple airport card. I find 128-bit hex encryption quite satisfactory. I have this router between two walls, one foot off the floor, and it still gets excellent reception. I haven't had a bit of trouble with it and highly recommend it. I didn't need the manual to figure out how to set it up. Don't buy an expensive $$$ Airport base station from Apple; all you need is this router. It has every possible customizable configuration you could think of. Now I've got my G4 PowerMac with this wireless router enabling me to surf wirelessly on my iBook while sitting outside in my swing under the oak trees. Highly recommend!
I bought this for my brother, and he LOVES it. He takes a lot of pictures and with great results. I know a lot of that is the camera, but I am sure SOME of it is the memory card! It came SUPER fast also. Great job.
I have used this cleaner in several different VHS players (Panasonic, RCA, etc) and it works fine. The person that said their VCR player was rejecting the tape may have received a tape that was broken or damaged during shipping. This works very well for me. Also, my heads were extremely dirty...it was so bad that a TV recording would look so fuzzy you couldn't hardly watch it...now it's crystal clear! Definitely worth the price too!!!! One of my friends went to Walmart and paid more than eleven dollars for a similar tape cleaner (what a rip off). Buy this one instead...it's cheap and it works well (at least for me anyway).
warning, interface is 44.1 16 bit. thats REALLY lame. should be 48K 24bit minimum, and 96K capable.the software / amp sim that comes with this does NOT WORK under 10.7 / LION. OEM's website is a mess to navigate and figure out anything, and it appears they simply do not have a 10.7 compatible update out.this will work just fine with garage band after some software fiddling, and also works fine with apple's MainStage. in fact MS will automatically see it which is cool.a bit overpriced for the lame specs and software that doesn't work on a mac.
I bought this cable to hook up my XM Radio home docking station to my reciever. The only problem is that the angled connection doesn't fit into the docking station with the other necessary cables plugged in. I guess I'll just have to wait to get an IPod and used this cable for it.
my previous bag was a swiss that lasted maybe 4 years. this one seems better made, stiffer. you don't have to fasten the rain cover buts its nice to have. this thing would fit a 19" laptop if you had to, 17" has room leftover. the 2nd compartment though isn't very deep front to back. its more like the laptop compartment, tall wide but not too deep. I wish it was a bit deeper. the bottom back pocket works great for stuff like USB cables, drives and other bits, but I wish it was taller to hold some larger cables.very well made, should last a long time. had this 4-5 months and it still looks like new despite daily use including bike commuting I do while its nice outside... and even when its not quite nice :)
fits my 30 gig iPod like a glove. Allows access to all buttons and inputs.
Not a very reliable product - do not buy this product! I bought one and it failed in about three months. Grandtec technical support said they "occassionally" get internal shorts which causes intermittant failures (had to keep unplugging USB and replug to get to work). They replaced under warranty although between the phone delays to Grandtec, return shipping costs and the multiple week replacement wait it wasn't worth it. Within another two months, the second one started doing the same thing and eventually stopped working altogether. They were never under any extreme conditions and just failed with normal use, and it definitely had nothing to do with my computer either. I bought a new one made by Adesso (very similar) and have not had any failure since!
[IMPORTANT NOTICE on Jan 5, 2010]My old BC-900 has served me well for the past 4 years. But recenetly there is an inrush of reports on 'meltdown' of the new BC-9009. I can only assume that La Crosse is having very poor quality control with the new model. My advice is to stay away from BC-9009 for now, until the situation has been rectified.[Update on Apr 15, 2010]The BC-9009 is available through Amazon again. But of course it will take a few more weeks before we can be sure if the overheating problem has been fixed. If any brave soul decide to order one to try out, I encourage you to exercise the charger fully (Refresh at the 1A current setting) for a few days, and watch for any signs of overheating (such as hot-spot on the base of the charger). Make sure to let us know the outcome.[Update on Jan 22, 2011]If you have purchased the BC-9009 recently, make sure it has the latest firmware version '37' (this number appears briefly in the rightmost column when you first plug in the AC adapter). Several users have reported that they have no overheating problems with this new version, even though the AC adapter has the same 'IV' marking.[Original review follows]I have aLa Crosse Technology BC-900 AlphaPower Battery Chargersince nearly two years ago, and I'm very happy with it. When theMaha Powerex MH-C9000 WizardOne Charger-Analyzerwas announced, its looked even better on paper than the BC-900. So I also bought the C9000 one month ago. Here is my assessment for those two chargers:First, let's get the similarities out of the way. Both the BC-900 and the C9000 are powerful battery analyzers/conditioners which can also be used as your everyday battery chargers. Both chargers accept one to four AA or AAA cells with independent charging currents. Both come with universal (100-240V AC) adapter.Next, the differences:1. SIZE:First thing you'll notice is that the Maha C9000 is HUGE for a 4-AA-cell charger. It is about twice as large as the BC-900 (see my Customer Image for size comparison).Larger size makes the C9000 less suitable as a travel charger. However, as a home charger this is actually an advantage. Extra spacing between cells allows better cooling, and also makes it easier to remove individual cell.2. CHARGING CURRENT:The BC-900 can provide charging current from 200 to 1000mA for 4 cells, or up to 1800mA for two cells. The C9000 can charge from 200 to 2000mA for all four cells. So if you routinely need to charge cells in a hurry, the C9000 is better.However, due to the complicated key sequences involved (for example, to charge 4 cells at 2000mA, you need to punch in 48 key strokes!), most sane people will probably leave the C9000 at its default current of 1000mA.3. DISPLAY:The BC-900 has a 4-column LCD panel that shows the status (capacity, voltage, current, or time) of all four cells either simultaneously, or individually. The C9000 sports a LCD display with back-light. It is BIG, it is BRIGHT, and it works really well - as a NIGHT LIGHT!The biggest problem with the C9000's display is that it can only show one status for one cell at any one time. It constantly toggles from one status to another, then from one cell to the next. If you have 4 cells in the charger, it takes 48 seconds or more (depending on the current activity) for the display to cycle through all 4 cells. There is also no way to pause the display. So if you missed one reading, you have to wait for it to cycle through again.4. ANALYZING / CONDITIONING FUNCTIONS:The BC-900 has an easy-to-use 'DISCHARGE/REFRESH' function that can be used to recondition old cells. The C9000 has a similar function called 'CYCLE', but it is very tedious to use (see the USER INTERFACE section for details).In addition, the C9000 also has a 'BREAK-IN' mode which supposedly should be applied to new cells before first use, or to really old cells that have not been charged for years. Beware that this operation takes at least 39 hours to complete, so I doubt many people would actually use it.5. DEAD CELL DETECTION:If a cell is completely drained (battery terminal voltage drops below 0.5V), the BC-900 thinks it is shorted and therefore refuses to charge it. This has caused a lot of frustrations among users, but there is a way to work around it (see my BC-900 Customer Image for details). The C9000 is smarter in this aspect. If the battery terminal voltage is too low, it automatically starts charging at 125mA until the voltage rises above 1V, then it continues with the programmed charging current.The C9000 also measures battery internal resistance when a cell is first inserted. If the user inserts an alkaline cell (which has much higher internal resistance), the C9000 displays 'HIGH' and refuses to charge it. This is a good safety feature, except that it also incorrectly rejected most of my NiMH cells bought four or five years ago. So I cannot use the C9000 to charge or recondition those old cells, even though the BC-900 reports that they still have around 1000mAh of capacity left.6. USER INTERFACE:With the BC-900, you can select the operation and current for all cells simultaneously, or you can change them indivdually by using the cell-selection buttons. The only limitation is that once the charging current is fixed, you cannot subsequently select a larger current without removing all cells.The C9000 has four completely independent charging circuits that can be programmed to different currents. This may sound great at first, but in practice it soon becomes a burden, because you often need to press dozens of key stokes to program all four cells.For example: If you want to recondition four cells on the BC-900, you'll go through the following sequence:- insert in all 4 cells at once- press MODE to select DISCHARGE/REFRESH (2 keystrokes*)- press CURRENT to select charging current (2-3 keystrokes)* Note: need to press and hold MODE for ~3 seconds for the first keystrokeOn the C9000, you can insert in all 4 cells at once, but you have to program them one at a time. Which means:- press UP/DOWN to select 'CYCLE', then 'ENTER' (2-5 key strokes)- press UP/DOWN to select charging current, ENTER (1-11 key strokes)- press UP/DOWN to select discharging current, ENTER (1-6 key strokes)- press UP/DOWN to select number of cycles, ENTER (1-13 key strokes)Congratulations! You just finished programming the first cell. Now repeat that for the other three cells.BOTTOM LINE:The Maha MH-C9000 is, without a doubt, the most powerful NiMH AA battery analyzer/charger in the consumer market. However, certain design issues (such as a single-status LCD panel and ridiculously long programming sequences) make it difficult to use for multiple cells. For most of my routine charging and maintenance of NiMH cells, I'll continue to use my old La Crosse BC-900.Nevertheless, I don't regret buying the C9000, because it was a lot of fun for me to try out all its functions. Plus I now have a really cool (but expensive) night light.
Not sure why there's such a love-fest here over this charger?? Fact is, we're talking about roughly eight bucks in parts & plastic that Canon is marking up too much. After spending so much on the camera, it's insulting to the notion of "customer service" that they are charging this price for a replacement charger. At least they could make it a rapid-charger enhancement or something - after all, why should it take two hours to re-charge your camera?Listen Canon, if you want five-stars from customers, treat us better, and sell replacement parts at cost. No need to take advantage of us just because we lose a part that makes our wonderful camera as useful as a stone.
I bought these for $50 from the "used and new" link; at that price,they are 1/7 the list price of the Etymotic ER4P they resemble, and 1/4 their discount price.At first I thought they sounded tinny and I had trouble fitting them in my ear canal.I burned them in for 24 hours (someone recommends 7 days) and the sound warmed up a lot. I found the flange eartips give better sound than the foamies. Moistening them made insertion better.Now I am getting really nice sound from them for the price. In Bass mode, Bass, tremble, clarity, transient response, detail.Compared to the Sennheiser PC 166 USB, handy for comparison, it is much better in Bass mode all qualities mentioned above. The headset has a slightly warmer presence for male vocals and a very little more efficiency. In HD mode, it is significantly less efficient and bass is much less, less than the 166, but the male vocal is warm and present. I suspect the Bass mode introduces some small distortions in the bass response.I have read that the Etymotic ER88-50 filters and the ER61-18 eartips available on the etymotic website fit the IM716. Other accessories look like they would work. Good info as Altec Lansing may no longer market these.
I'm glad I didn't mess around with generic cables this time like I did in the past. Too often the third party cheap cables break easily, don't connect right, or the wires break inside the cable so you have to keep playing with the cable to get a connection.This wasn't cheap but it works perfectly, it's easy to connect, and solidly built. There's a tiny logo on the ipod end to let you know which way to plug in the cable which save a lot of frustration. It stays in firmly, comes out easily.
both of them love it. it's simple so not much to go wrong. good deal for the money.
I really tried hard to make this remote work. WHEN it works, it's as advertised. But over two years, I went through several remotes, each of which had some sort of hardware malfunction. Finally, I gave up. I'm currently using the Monster equivalent (MONSTER MCC AVL300-S Home Theater & Lighting Controller 300 With Omnilink), which uses the familiar Harmony software--a huge plus. So far, no problems. I prefer the layout of its buttons; the display isn't nearly as nice as Harmony's. All in all, a push. But if it doesn't break every six months, it's a huge improvement over this model.
Should have purchased from a retailer where I could have at least exchanged or returned without the hassle. Slow and Noisy seagate HDD.
The Apple buds that come with the iPod are so uncomfortable, I didn't even want to try any others, thinking they'd all be the same. But when I plugged in my over-the-ear headphones, they looked and felt clunky.The reviews for the JBuds - and the great price - compelled me to give them a try. They are perfect! Very comfortable, great sound, and they look like they were made to go with the iPod. I'm patting myself on the back for this purchase!
This adapter is a lifesaver. Saved me from spending money on a new video card or monitor, was able to use existing products I already owned to go to a dual view. Worked out well.
Do not confuse this item (Kodak Max 4 NiMH 2100 mAh Rechargeable AA Batteries) with the newest 'Ready-To-Use' / 'Pre-Charged' NiMH AA cells such asSANYO eneloop, Rayovac Hybrid, andKODAK Pre-Charged. Please observe that the 'Kodak Pre-Charged' cells come in white cases, while those 'Kodak Max' cells shown here are in green cases.'Ready-to-Use' NiMH cells have lower capacity (2000-2100mAh) compared to traditional NiMH cells (2500-2900mAh). However, the advantage is that they have extremely low self-discharge rate. Typically they can retain 80% of full charge for up to 1 year in storage. In comparison, most traditional 2500mAh NiMH cells will completely self-discharge within a few weeks.The Kodak Max cells offered here have lower capacity of 2100mAh, and yet it does not offer the advantage of low self-discharge rate. Therefore in my opinion, there is simply no reason to get those cells.
So, how do you rate a rubber thingy that blows air...?The Rocket Blaster looks like a real sturdy little tool, good quality rubber and the plastic tip looks fine. When you squeeze the rubber tummy, air comes out the tip - simple. The 'fins' at the bottom could be handy if you need to put it down on a surface and you don't want the plastic tip to touch whatever you are putting it on. I have used mine a couple of times now, and it gets most dust off (just be careful when cleaning the sensor, not to touch your sensor by accident with the tip). It has a non-return valve at the bottom end through which it sucks the air so you don't have to worry that it will suck dust from the inside of the camera back into the unit and blow it back out again.I'm also using it to blow loose dust off my lenses and other parts of the camera. For slightly more stubborn dust you may need a stronger puff of air - such as from a footpump, but of course you cannot pack a footpump into your camera-bag.In summary - to get rid of loose and/or bigger dust particles, this is the tool for you. Of course it will not replace your cleaning cloth for lenses or wet cleaning tool for sensors, but you can get rid of a potential 'scratch-threat' by blowing off those larger particles that could cause scratches - before using the physical touch methods of cleaning. Get one - they are cheap and work well.
I tried the trick of resizing, but honestly, the image quality is still abyssmal. The images are so low-resolution that only the vaguest of detail comes out. Please, if you're thinking of buying this for someone for Christmas this year, choose something else. It might be okay for someone with low standards or poor eyesight, but for anyone who can see well and knows what a good digital image looks like, this will be a huge disappointment.The good news is that in a few years these digital keychains will have advanced and will offer much better performance - that's almost guaranteed. So put this one on the "must buy for mom" list for the 2008 Christmas season.I very seldom write a review, and only wrote this one to keep people from making the same mistake I did.
As an electrical engineer, I feel that the product description for this item (Belkin F8E449 Universal AC Travel Adapter) is intentionally misleading.For example, it says:"Rated to handle both 110- and 220-240-volt standards... allows you to connect to international power outlets without a complicated power conversion"The statement above suggests that this 'AC Travel Adapter' is able to provide POWER conversion, so a potential customer may expect it to perform VOLTAGE conversion between 110/220V. But this is completely false, becasue this plug adapter is just a physical connection. It does not convert the VOLTAGE. It does not convert the CURRENT. In short, it does not perform ANY conversion at all.In the 'Technical Details' section it further says:"Allows you to charge your laptop, PDA, and cell phone internationally"A potential customer may be led to believe that: this product allows you to use 110V-only appliance in other countries. The truth is, if you plug in an 110V-only appliance to a 220V socket through this 'adapter', your appliance wil blow up immediately.Power supplies for most portable electronics (laptop, camcorder, cell-phone, electric shavers, etc.) are already designed for universal voltage of 100-240V AC. Similarly, your travel iron or hair dryer could be ready for dual-voltage operation. Make sure to check your appliance's user manual, as it may require you to manually flip a voltage-selection switch before leaving for the trip.Of course, you still need a set of universal plug adapters for foreign countries - which is exactly what this product is meant to be.
This Jensen powered subwoofer and 5 suround-sound speakers make for one amazing set. When plugged into your receiver and TV, this speaker set makes you feel like you are INSIDE your favorite movie or TV show.I was a little concerned that these speakers might not put out enough sound, but my fears were quickly put to rest when I turned the speakers on. My family room has been flooded with premium-quality sound.I used to have a set of KLH surround sound speakers and they were HORRIBLE in comparrison. The KLH speakers (which were rated with higher wattage) put out weak, static-filled sound. These Jensen speakers were the best purchase I ever made. I got mine on sale at Circuit City for just $50 (plus $12 for a 5-year in-store warranty). One of my friends has a $400 speaker set in his house that doesn't sound as good as this. You really have to hear it to believe it. Jensen has made this customer VERY happy.
These are absolutely the best things I have done for myself in a long time. I am a political freak and I can wear these as I move about the house and never miss a thing. The sound is very surround-soundish, almost to a "show-off" extent, which was a pleasant surprise. I cannot praise these enough. I like to watch late TV sometimes in bed and I NEVER have to worry about the volume bothering anybody. They are so comfortable I can wear them as long as I like with no discomfort. In fact, I have forgotten I have them on. I have also been careless with not always putting them in their charging cradle when not in use, but they always work.I don't know how long they can be used un-charged but it's not been a problem. I love them! I did find them through Amazon.
I avoided buying universal remotes before this because they were always too expensive and/or looked like they were too complicated to use. This one was cheap (on sale for less than $20.00 at the time) and very easy to use. Customer service was also exceptional. Although I was disappointed that it was not a toll free call, I was not on hold very long and I was able to have the remote quickly programmed over the phone to recognize my new DVD player. And, it has backlit keys, which is essential. Definitely recommended for those of us with home theater set ups.
I have a Mitsubishi widescreen HDTV-ready which I purchased 7 years ago. Since it does not have a built in tuner, I bought this product to bring in the HD broadcasts. I did not expect this unit to bring in all the stations by itself, so I bought a Philips HDTV antenna to feed into it, since the Philips was advertised as a signal booster for HDTV broadcasts. The result: using the Philips antenna, the unit was able to decode one HD station at a time. So, if I wanted to watch a different HD broadcast channel, I would have to keep adjusting the Philips antenna. Worse, it did not pick up some stations at all. Much worse, once adjusted, the signal strength went in and out so watching one program for more than a few minutes was impossible. Big disappointment, but I chalked up the bad experience to the fact that I live in a valley, so the HD signals were probably just too hard to receive and/or the Philips HDTV antenna was a piece of junk. That was last year.Today, I purchased an Olevia HDTV. Even though the tv has a built in HD antenna, I attached the Philips antenna to it. To my surprise, I was able to bring in every HD station, clear as a bell while leaving the Philips in one position. I dug out this unit and attached it to the Olevia and the Philips. Again, only able to pick up one station at a time moving the Philips around.Conclusion: The Philips is a great antenna. If you need one, it is sold on Amazon as Philips High Performance Amplified Indoor Uhf/Vhf/Fm/HDTV Antenna. This Samsung decoder is garbage. This is particularly surprising given how Samsung has made itself into a respected brand name in electronics in the last ten years. It's too late for me to complain to Samsung since the warranty period is long past, but if I can save one person from making the same mistake I made, I'll feel better.
ProsA very simple prouduct to use and understand. Most new GPS users that I show it too pick it up right away. The base map is excellent! I find that with these &quot;Personal Use&quot; GPS units if you mark a spot or waypoint it will never be completely accurate when you come back to it, however I notice that if I walk off a predetermined unit of length, like a football fieldit is dead accurate.ConI have used the Garmin Topo maps and upload the various local topos to my unit, but come on, compared with a standard USGS topographical map or the TOPO software it just doesn't compare. So in a perfect world (in which you had lots of money) you could buy both the Garmin TOPO map and the National Geographic Topo Map.I hate to admit but I know use it as the worlds most expensive bike computer. I use it on both my road bike and mountain bike and it certainly is rugged. You just cannot go wrong with this product.
I purchased this item (Canon Zoom Pack 1000 Holster) about six years ago for my old Canon Elan 7e film camera. It provided a perfect fit for this full-size camera, with the EF 28-135mm USM IS lens and its lens hood mounted. After I switched over to the Canon digital Rebel XT, the new camera body is a lot smaller, and so is the equivalent EF-S lens. What I found is that with the extra space available, I can actually fit my external flash unit inside the holster. It is a rather tight fit, but the good thing is they won't knock against each others inside.Here is what I can store inside this holster: Canon Rebel XT, EF-S 17-85mm USM IS lens (with EW-73B lens hood fitted in reverse), Canon 420EX Speedlite, LumiQuest Pocket Bouncer, polarizer filter, video cable, spare battery pack, CF cards, plus a few more small items. When necessary, I can also use it to carry my Rebel XT with theCanon BG-E3 Battery Gripmounted. But of course, the flash unit won't fit in this case.The exterior of this holster pack is made of ballistic nylon, which is far more durable than the faux-leather used in cheap imitations (such as theOpteka DSLR Holster Case). I've been carrying this holster to and back from work almost daily, plus several oversea trips during the past 5-6 years. It is still in excellent condition. To me, the quality of its construction fully justifies its higher price.
The 5-megapixel Olympus Verve S is an improved version of the older 4-megapixel Olympus Verve. The Verve S is almost identical to the Verve, but this camera has greater resolution, a "live histogram" function so that you get proper exposures, and a high-gloss paint finish on the metal body (the paint finish on the older Verve was known to scratch easily ... this is better). The Verve S also has a raised metal label on the front that serves as an improved grip surface (the old Verve often slipped in people's hands).This is the perfect camera if you want a high-performance digital camera that you can stick in your pocket ... but that is so easy to use that even non-photographers can take great pictures. It lacks some of the features of high-end digital cameras, but this is just a pocket point-and-shoot camera ... if you want to do professional studio portraits or professional wedding photography you won't be looking at this type of camera.That said, in skilled hands this camera delivers EXCELLENT results and produces image files that are good enough for perfect 16x20 prints.If you're looking for a "take everywhere" camera you should consider this little gem.
Even in mid 2005 the Nikon Coolpix 5000 is a remarkable digital camera. In skilled hands this camera can produce results that rival even today's best professional digital cameras.I've made several 16x20 prints from images taken with the Coolpix 5000 that look AMAZING. If you add the available wide angle lens to this camera you can get a fabulous 19mm wide angle lens!!! Nikon even offers an amazing fisheye lens for this camera.Like any digital camera (or film camera for that matter) this camera has its flaws and limits. Even though it's capable of producing excellent images, it's a slow camera. So, if speed is important to you this camera is not a great choice. Likewise, some of the controls are burried in the menu system and this camera is really designed for EXPERIENCED photographers ... most "point-and-shoot" photographers have a very hard time using this camera.There are newer cameras on the market ... but the Coolpix 5000 can still compete with the best of them. If you want a good digital camera capable of super-wide-angle photography, the Coolpix 5000 and the available wide angle lens is the BEST buy on the market today. As of July 2005 you can buy this camera and the available wide angle lens in excellent used condition for less than the price of most new point-and-shoot digitals that deliver WORSE image quality.
I purchased theLexar Media MULTI CARD READER (RW022-001)about four years ago. In the past years, it has worked reasonably well. But with the advent of high capacity SD cards (2GB and over), this card reader is now obsolete. Worse yet, I learned the hard way that it may even corrupt newer SD cards.I benchmarked a Kingston 2GB Elite Pro SD Card using this card reader. After returning the card to myCanon S5, the camera displayed "Memory card error". It turns out the Lexar Media multi-card reader is only compatible with SD 1.0 specification, which is for capacity up to 1GB. But to read/write a 2GB SD, it has to be SD 1.1 compatible. When I put in a 2GB SD into a SD 1.0 card reader and performed a read/write benchmark, it corrupted the directory structure of the SD card. Therefore my camera can no longer recognize the card.Fortunately, I was able to use 'Photo Rec' (a free open-source file recovery program) to recover most of my image files from this 2GB SD card. I then have to reformat the card from my computer in order to use it again.When I insert a SDHC card (with capacity 4GB or over) into this card reader, it cannot even see the SDHC card. But at least in this case it will not corrupt the card.I have since purchased theTranscend M5 Multi Card Reader. Not only is the Transcend M5 compatible with all SD/SDHC cards, it even makes all my CF and SD cards perform about 50% faster! For example: when I benchmarked theSanDisk 2GB Ultra II CF Cardin my old Lexar reader, I received a rather disappointing write speed of 4.1MB/S (equivalent to '27x'). The same card in the new Transcend M5 gave me a write speed of 5.9MB/S, or 40x.(Note that Sandisk claims the Ultra II CF is capable of 15MB/S, but that's the maximum speed under optimal test condition)In summary, this Lexar card reader is incompatible with SD cards larger than 1GB, is a lot slower than the Transcend M5, but costs more. So I see no reasons in getting this outdated product now.
I've used many keyboards from many manufacturers and I can tell you that this keyboard is far and away the best of the bunch.Durable, great layout, and loaded with customizable buttons than make using your computer much less difficult. If I want to open Word, I just push the button on the keyboard to open Word ... no more need for a shortcut taking up room on my desktop. Same thing for Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, my Web browser, my Web email account, iTunes, etc.If you want a wired keyboard this is the one!
The Ipod is great only when you are being around your house or the car. What about people, who are going camping, or flying overseas (the charger is not compatible with 220V) The battery is not removable!!!I went on vacation and forgot my charger. Boy was I disappointed especially finding out that I didn't charge the unit before I left.Apple did not make the battery removable at least I could buy an extra one, like Treo 650 a cell phone and MP3 player.After a year or two the rechargeable battery needs to be replaced with the new one by sending the unit to Apple. Is Apple moving back to 30 years old technology???I am sure that a lot of people thinking about it, but they are still buying Ipods because of the marketing and good sound of the unit.
I've used a number of lenses in the 28-70mm f2.8 class from Tokina, Tamron, Sigma, Pentax and Nikon. I can honestly say this is my favorite lens in that class.I shoot with Pentax, Nikon, and Fuji cameras and the Sigma 24-70mm 2.8 DG lens is the only lens that I bought two of (one for my Nikon /Fuji cameras and one for my Pentax cameras).I wouldn't call it the best lens in the world, but if I had to choose only one zoom lens to cover the 24-70mm focal lengths then this lens would be the one I choose.
I don't have anything negative to say about this! It is far better than our (much more expensive) JVC player. Image quality is great, and it reads disks quickly (avoiding the long lag time of some). And the price is hard to beat!
I purchased a Nikon L5 from Costco 2 weeks ago but returned it on Saturday after I saw the LZ-7. The LZ-7 is way better in all aspects than the Nikon L5, save for the adjustable zoom in movie mode.PROS: Takes great pictures; optical image stabilization; 6X zoom; and, great price. It is also made in Japan, not China as the Nikon L5 is.Cons: Fixed zoom while in movie mode; no on-board camera speakers.
I've had Palms for 4.5 years. I'm delighted with the Zire 71.It has a great screen, crystal clear. It's compact: it's slightly smaller in every dimension than the Palm III series. The camera *is* low resolution, but it is awfully handy to have a camera with me at all times. The camera is, however, a bit of a gimmick; if they had the same device a little smaller for a lower price without it I would have bought that one.Graffitti 2 is a bit annoying for someone fully fluent in the old Graffitti -- I wish they had put in the option to use either.
This is an awesome looking keyboard/mouse package but has its problems. Logitech has done a poor job of getting the software right.One of the problems is that often when the keyboard has been idle for a time and you then press a key you get a double keystroke. This seems like nothing to speak of but often results in an incorrect password or web address if you are not careful.Another problem, the mouse will sometimes lose directional control. You can use the scroll wheel but moving the mouse up or down/ left or right gives no movement on screen. You can either reboot the PC or press the Connect button to reestablish a proper connection. There seems no particular reason for the loss of connection.The final problem is with the mouse battery. The battery is rechargeable but you must recharge extremely often. I would recommend redocking the mouse every other day or you will have problems. This seems like no big deal but if you are not use to docking a mouse forgetfulness kicks in quickly.Logitech support is absolutely no help what so ever. When these problems are presented to them they only suggest moving the Bluetooth receiver to the front of your PC. Otherwise, the problems are categorized as "environmental" which seems the Logitech secret code for "we did little or no QA testing so you the customer must suffer".
This is solution for your traveling iPod! The unit includes adapters for many different iPod models. It also includes fitting to ensure a snug fit into your 12-volt car power adapter. The fit is tight enough that the plug will not rotate with the weight of the iPod.Sound quality is great. It holds your iPod quite securely. You can position your player where it is most convenient and visible!I have two complaints:1. As high volume, you can hear the electronic whine of the charger. This is unavoidable but less at lower frequencies. It may not be noticeable with some music but I am an audio-book listener so I can hear it.2. The controls are little limiting and awkward. Adjusting the transmit volume, which you admittedly do only once, is quite awkward requiring you hold the unit, hold two buttons down while pressing a third. However, selecting a different station is very easy and one-handed.Overall, I am quite please with this and recommend it.
Some units, especially those that charge, transmit interference as well. You hear this as a little whine or whistle. It can be rather annoying. This unit transmits interference-free!Fidelity is excellent and changing frequencies is a snap. Set up is so easy even an adult can do it. Sound is clear, crisp and full. As good as you can get for radio. My unit has proven to be utterly reliable.
We bought this about 5 months ago, it started having noisy bouts after about 3 months. It has been nothing but a source of frustration since then. We clean it, spray, you name it we've tried it. If these types of devices don't hold up well I see no reason to buy an expensive one. We just got our new one today,also from Amazon, a Syba with a huge fan for less than half what we paid for the Belkin, wow what a difference it's REALLY quiet and is in no way wobbly which was another problem with the Belkin. My advice is don't bother with this product, check out the Syba.
I got snookered by the buying frenzy that always overtakes me when I enter my local "price club." It was strictly an impulse buy, and I paid at least as much as the Amazon price...actually, I think I paid ten bucks more. Plus, of course, tax at the point of sale.I bought on the brand name...my bad. Sure, I tried them. But the available sample of source material had only a single, short selection. I wasn't very impressed...but, oh, the BOSE name! And they were very comfortable.In my highly subjective opinion, they are awful in terms of sound quality. Admittedly, I am no great fan of base...I like those violin concerti, and I want to hear that mid-range and treble come alive and get crazy. But what I hear is anything but bright, clean sound...I hear a base-heavy mushiness.I will say that they provide marvelous insulation from ambient noise...they are the best headphones I have ever had on in that respect (and I have had on numerous high-end phones of similar design and even much heavier).In spite of my reservations, I am enjoying these headphones. I like to put in a great little pair of Panasonic earbuds that I got from Amazon for next to nothing and plug them into the source. Then I put these BOSE phones over top of them for insulation from room noise and just BOSE plug dangle.Now to read what others have said...
What use is a good phone if you can't connect it to your computer. You can use this cable to connect your phone to the computer and download your address book, add ring tones, photos (wallpapers), etc. Really worth it.Just be a bit careful when connecting the cable to the phone as it does not "fit" properly the first 3 or 4 times. Works fine after that
One outstanding unit if you have a solid place to put it. Heavy!! but reliable and the last of the breed, too bad! Have use this trouble free for 1 1/2 yrs and have a HD DVD set up which provides excellent results. Very good sound for a TV.
I don't have the 4105, but I have the 4103. As Amazon doesn't sell the 4103, I reasoned that the 4105 is pretty close to the 4103. I don't know how well the radio works. Never used it. I bought mine to power 2 passive subwoofers I own. It's more than enough to shake the walls. I wrote this review for the reviewer that said all you could do with this receiver was play CDs (since his radio wouldn't work). You can also plug in a DVD (for two-channel sound) or a phono: just use one of the inputs like tape, CD, aux. I don't know if anyone still has passive subwoofers, but if you do, you can power them with this receiver. I really like mine.
My first review was deleted ... probably because I told the truth. This is a great sound card and I'm glad I purchased it. However, "Varpak" is apparently Amazon's way of saying, "we will ship this product to you in a plastic bag."That's right, I received my sound card (delicate electronics that could easily be broken) in a plastic shipping bag with no box or other protective material. The CD-ROM with drivers that came with the sound card was cracked during shipping but it was easy to download drivers from the web. I really recommend this sound card but I don't recommend purchasing it from this website.This is great product. Buy one ... but buy somewhere else.
The product description ofDigipower Endure AA Rechargeable Batteriesclaims they are "pre-charged and ready to use right out of the package", and that they "retain up to 90% of their power for a year". Its package has similar claims printed. Even on each cell it says: "The longer staying rechargeable battery". But as far as I can tell, none of those claims are true.I received four of those "Endure Series 1" AA cells with theDigipower DPS-6000 Battery Charger. Right out of the package, one cell is completely dead (terminal voltage 0.88V). The other three are at 1.28V, which seems normal. But when I tested them in myLa Crosse BC-900, their average remaining charge is only 720mAh, or about 1/3 of the rated capacity!Previously I have test many name-brand low-self-discharge batteries, such asSanyo EneloopandRayovac Hybrid. All of them arrived with at least 70% of full capacity - even those eneloop cells that were manufactured 22 months ago. In contrast, the charge retention capability of those Endure cells appear to be similar to that of ordinary lower capacity (under 2400mAh) NiMH cells.After two additional charge/discharge cycles on my BC-900, those four Endure cells showed an average capacity of 2270mAh. This by itself seems very good, because all named-brand LSD cells are rated 2000-2100mAh only. But in this case, the unusually high capacity only deepens my suspicion that: those are in fact just ordinary NiMH cells marketed as "Pre-Charged" and "Ready-to-Use".I am in the middle of a long-term storage test, to verify whether those batteries are really low-self-discharge as claimed. In the meantime, don't take your chances. Stay with name-brand LSD cells from Sanyo, Rayovac, Kodak and Duracell instead.[Update on Oct 12, 2010]My long-term self discharge test turns out to be inconclusive. After 6 months of storage, one of the four Endura cells was completely drained (as bad as ordinary NiMH cells). But the other three retained about 85% of charge (as good as name-brand LSD cells). So obviously one cell was defective.I should also add that I have tested over 200 LSD cells in the past three years, and Endura is the only brand that gave me a defective cell.
This is one of the best camcorders in the market today and I would definitely recommend it to anyone planning to buy a Mini-DV camcorderPositive factors:- Very small and easy to hold with one hand. Can be easily attached even to a mini-tripod with ease.- Excellent widescreen video and hi-fi audio. Your videos finally get that "Hollywood" feel when you shoot movies in 16:9 ratio (widescreen format). Even if you don't have a widescreen TV currently, you will very soon have one as more and more people are buying them. So its better to buy this camcorder and shoot in 16:9 format to enjoy your movies later in widescreen format.- Includes widescreen rotatable LCD so what you see is what you get when you shoot in 16:9 ratio (widescreen format)- Good battery life. One extra battery is enough. You can easily manage a day's worth of shooting with two batteries before recharging them again- Includes docking station making it easier to connect to computer or TV. If you have a good computer with a firewire port, please buy a firewire cable to connect the camcorder to your computer. You can download your movie in excellent clarity in .avi format and edit it as required- Make sure to change the audio setting to 16 bit (instead of the default 12 bit) for very good hi-fi audio- Touchscreen menu system is great. You don't have to search for any buttons as they are all available in the touchscreen menu itself.- 12X optical zoom is more than sufficient for ordinary home videos. Anything more produces more "shaking" and would necessiate the use of a tripod. When you shoot without a tripod, 12X is the best zoom you can achieve without worrying about shaky videos- 1 MP widescreen still photo. You can use this feature if you forgot to bring your digital camera. The photo clarity is not good so please don't expect great shots. Since the photo is in 16:9 format, you can take panoramic photos and cover more people in group shots- Nightshot: Cool feature that records using infrared light. Useful for shooting at night as you can record a video even in 100% darkness- Color widescreen viewfinder - Very useful when you are running down on batteries and need to use the viewfinder. The color widescreen viewfinder gives an excellent picture and is as good as the LCD in clarityNegative factors:- Outdoor videos especially in bright sunlight are overexposed. So please adjust the white balance when shooting outdoors. Add the white-balance menu to your shortcuts so that you can easily access it and return to default once you start shooting indoors- Sensitive microphone may pick up button clicks (best to turn off the button click "beep" sound).Notes:- Use a fresh cassette after recording 2 or 3 times on the same cassette. The head tends to get dirty if you re-record on the same cassette more than 3 times- You can edit movies in Windowx XP using Windows Movie Maker, but beware it does not support 16:9 ratio video. Hence your videos look ugly as you shot them in 16:9 but Movie Maker converted it to 4:3. Invest in Pinnacle Software version 9 or 10 for better movie editing capabilities. Pinnacle is the only software, I am aware of, that preserves teh 16:9 ratio. Even Roxio could not allow 16:9 format.- You can also invest in wide-angle lens as it gives excellent coverage
This is one of the best camcorders in the market today and I would definitely recommend it to anyone planning to buy a Mini-DV camcorderPositive factors:- Very small and easy to hold with one hand. Can be easily attached even to a mini-tripod with ease.- Excellent widescreen video and hi-fi audio. Your videos finally get that "Hollywood" feel when you shoot movies in 16:9 ratio (widescreen format). Even if you don't have a widescreen TV currently, you will very soon have one as more and more people are buying them. So its better to buy this camcorder and shoot in 16:9 format to enjoy your movies later in widescreen format.- Includes widescreen rotatable LCD so what you see is what you get when you shoot in 16:9 ratio (widescreen format)- Good battery life. One extra battery is enough. You can easily manage a day's worth of shooting with two batteries before recharging them again- Includes docking station making it easier to connect to computer or TV. If you have a good computer with a firewire port, please buy a firewire cable to connect the camcorder to your computer. You can download your movie in excellent clarity in .avi format and edit it as required- Make sure to change the audio setting to 16 bit (instead of the default 12 bit) for very good hi-fi audio- Touchscreen menu system is great. You don't have to search for any buttons as they are all available in the touchscreen menu itself.- 10X optical zoom is more than sufficient for ordinary home videos. Anything more produces more "shaking" and would necessiate the use of a tripod. When you shoot without a tripod, 10X is the best zoom you can achieve without worrying about shaky videos- Widescreen still photo. The photo clarity is OK not too good. So please don't expect great shots. Since the photo is in 16:9 format, you can take panoramic photos and cover more people in group shots- Nightshot: Cool feature that records using infrared light. Useful for shooting at night as you can record a video even in 100% darkness- Color widescreen viewfinder - Very useful when you are running down on batteries and need to use the viewfinder. The color widescreen viewfinder gives an excellent picture and is as good as the LCD in clarityNegative factors:- Outdoor videos especially in bright sunlight are overexposed. So please adjust the white balance when shooting outdoors. Add the white-balance menu to your shortcuts so that you can easily access it and return to default once you start shooting indoors- Sensitive microphone may pick up button clicks (best to turn off the button click "beep" sound).Notes:- Use a fresh cassette after recording 2 or 3 times on the same cassette. The head tends to get dirty if you re-record on the same cassette more than 3 times- You can edit movies in Windowx XP using Windows Movie Maker, but beware it does not support 16:9 ratio video. Hence your videos look ugly as you shot them in 16:9 but Movie Maker converted it to 4:3. Invest in Pinnacle Software version 9 or 10 for better movie editing capabilities. Pinnacle is the only software, I am aware of, that preserves teh 16:9 ratio. Even Roxio could not allow 16:9 format.- You can also invest in wide-angle lens as it gives excellent coverage
Note:Read the manual properly and spend some time to get it "installed" into your ear. You really have to do some homework to get it shaped for a comfortable fit.Positive factor:After you do that exercise, you are in for an amazing world of audio. You will feel like listening to your entire audio collection once again as each song sounds so pure and different with this pair of earphones. You will be amazed with its excellent sound reproduction. I don't agree that the bass is not good. In fact its perfect. If you are used to turning up your bass on your amplifier, you may be expecting a different bass. But keep in mind, that the bass you get by amplifying it is not the original bass the musician wanted you to listen. This earphone reproduces the EXACT bass that the composer intented to for the track.Negative factor:This earphone is suitable only for audiophiles or people who work in studios or whose main job is to listen to music only. Its not suitable for your everyday listening. It completely isolates you from your surroundings and makes you feel eeire. You can "listen" to each step that you make (while walking) or movement that you make (while sitting). To understand what I am saying, just try to close your ears with you hand and walk. Don't you listen to each step and doesn't your breath sound too loud? Its exactly the same feeling that you get when you put on these earphones. You can avoid these sounds by pumping up the volume but then you will be damaging your ears as the higher volume will be a direct assault on your ear-drums.After listening on these phones you will start loving them, but then they prevent you from doing your everyday work. If you revert back to your old phones you will clearly hear the difference and won't want to listen on them anymore. You will be in a fix!!!These earphones are quite expensive. So before you buy them please think thrice whether you really need them. Are you a SERIOUS listener or a casual listener? If you are the latter (like most of us), please don't waste your money on these.
As a computer programmer, I spend much of my life banging away at keyboards. I used the original Microsoft Natural for more than 10 years keyboard until it wore out. I moved it from computer. I loved the layout but was never thrilled by the stiffness of the keys.Microsoft has done it with this keyboard.Great feel. The keys have just the right resistance before they get the detent. In fact, it feels a little like the original IBM PC keyboard (circa 1982) which was outstanding, but a bit clicky.Generally, the keys are sized properly, However, the [7/&] key and the [`/~] are oversized, but that is to get the nearby keys into the right position for touch typists.The keys are the correct size; they are not cramped like a laptop nor are they so spread out that you have to type looking at the keyboard.It has a removable front platform as well as the more traditional pop-up feet in the rear. This give you the ability adjust the angle to suit your needs. One downside is that the front platform, being removable, can be easily lost.This is the one for me.For those not used to a "natural" keyboard, I will add my experience. I went from a consistently typing 90 wpm to 120 in the first month. Combine that with the elimination of any wrist, shoulder and neck pain and you have the ideal setup.I strongly recommend this keyboard for both comfort and efficiency.
bought this as a christmas present, but decided to keep it. so just opened it today.will have to review this product later..as the 2 AA batteries were NOT included.one * for that great annoyance.
When I first saw this online, my concern was it might be complicated to use and install. I read all the reviews here and elsewhere, and it has consistently gotten good grades from just about everyone.Setup was almost a 1-2-3 kind of thing....as easy as the other reviewers said. I didn't require technical support although others have raved about how good the Sony guys were helping with setup, so it's nice to know if you ever do, it's there.My use for the Base station is having local television on my laptop while traveling ANYWHERE that there is an internet connection, which is pretty awesome. With a lot of traveling ahead, having this little unit will make being on the road much more enjoyable.I highly recommend the Sony LF-B20. I think you'll like it.
The sound from this system is very good. It is easy to use and has multiple inputs.However, the annoyances and idiosyncrasies overcome the excellent sound quality.The same base tuner/DVD player is used for the THC4, THC40, THC5, THC50 and THC60. These comments would apply to all these models. The differences are with the speakers and subwoofer.The DVD often looses it's place, even with the "Resume" feature turned on. It does this whenever you turn the unit off or switch to a different input, say your cable-TV or VCR. This is very annoying, especially when I have to repeatedly sit through the endless copyright notices.The on-screen prompts never display which DVD is playing. Minor but yet another example of a poorly thought out design.The "Universal Remote" isn't. It will only operate *some* JVC components. For example, it will not operate a two-year JVC TV!No audio out!Headphone usage: You cannot connect headphones without cutting off the speakers. Since there is no audio output, there is just no other way than to use the headphone jack in front. Unplug the headphones and it takes 5-6 seconds to switch the speakers back on. Sometimes when listening to music, I want put on the wireless headphones while working around the house, but I do not want to wear them all the time. Maybe I just want to run into the kitchen and do not want to miss any dialog.Even with this limitation, there is a killer problem. Headphones will only work for a few minutes before. Then, without warning you get ear-splitting hiss. Unplugging and plugging in the headphones corrects this but what is the point? At first I thought my headphones had died so I bought another pair. It was not the headphones. Headphones are useless with this unit.So, if you always watch a DVD from start to finish, never use headphones, and own nothing but recently manufactured JVC products, I think you will be happy. If you do not, I think you will like the sound, but will be often annoyed.
I wanted a portable 120 GB USB HD to store video files, mostly as a backup, and also for movies. As you know, video files are large files, and this little hard drive handled them just fine.I have a PC, not a Mac, so no power shortage issues. It's a very attractive drive with a sturdy case, and really a steal of a deal around $100. Then you add the WD reputation for durability, and how can you resist it ?This drive is working beautifully. I don't think you will be disappointed.
I am using this on an existing wireless network with a Windows 7 PC.Installation wasn't that easy. Thankfully, I'm a nerd to a certain extent, so I figured it out.My existing wireless network simply refused to acknowledge the existence of the Airport Express until I finally found a fix - I had to manually run an ethernet cord to it from my Dlink wireless router. Once that was done, my Dlink recognized the Airport Express, I detached the ethernet cord ... and everything is fine.I bought this wireless setup because I have an iPad and wanted to run the remote app with iTunes on my PC to my home stereo.It works like a charm.When I just sit at the desktop PC, same thing. Works like a charm.This installation would have been impossible for someone without a little tech savvy. And, to be quite honest, it frustrated me for about 20 minutes or so until I figured out what to do (with help from Google).I previously had my iPod hooked up to my NAD receiver, but it doesn't sound as good as the Airport Express/iTunes off my PC.My only caveat with this setup is it appears to bypass my sound card altogether. From a sound perspective, that's not a big deal (like I wrote, this setup sounds really nice), but my sound card has interesting software which gives you "stadium" "jazz club" etc... digital sound processing effects. They don't work with the Airport Express/iTunes setup. It appears to not even acknowledge the existence of a soundcard. If anyone knows otherwise, I'd love to hear it.Overall, this whole iPad/AirTunes/iTunes thing is a beautiful thing. Nothing like controlling your entire music collection (I have about 12,000 songs) from the iPad while lounging on the couch.
Agree with the prior reviewers. I can not get it to retract any longer and that was only after 3 uses!
I've already taken this hiking twice and it has remained the most comfortable camera backpack I've owned yet. Its not the kind of backpack you're worried about getting dirty either. As everyone has complained, I must too, about the laptop holder not meeting the standard idea of dimensions. I also would have liked a little felxibility in the camera area as the majority is sewn in place you have to get creative on carrying some lenses. Still it is an excellent and rugged piece, and I would definately buy it again!
My R200 worked great, but the printer door snapped off after several moves, and I had a lot of Epson compatible ink cartridges, so I bought the R220. I liked the R200 and used it a lot to print color sales material and to print CD labels, and had it for several years. It could have been a little faster as far as I was concerned, but it accepted the Epson-lookalike cartridges and did a great job so I was happy.This newer version of the CD-printing Epson is much faster, still accepts the Epson-lookalike cartridges, and it is quieter and seems to work more smoothly than the previous model.The photo printing function is excellent. You will produce beautiful full color photos quickly and easily.The CD-printing function only will make sense for you if you use it infrequently. Sitting there and hand-inserting CD after CD will send you to the funny farm, so don't feel that this machine will meet your needs if your needs are for 30-50 cds a day. No one is that patient. But in fairness, I don't think you can expect a $100+ machine to mass-print CDs for you, and I don't think the manufacturer intended it for that purpose.If you are looking for a reliable attractive color inkjet printer that's fast and quiet, you will be very pleased with the Epson R220.
I erased and re-recorded on the same cassette upto 5 times and it still works great. Video clarity is excellent as its digital. Don't worry, be happy and buy Sonly cassettes only for your mini-DV
I don't normally write reviews but I had to write to express my satisfaction with this BT mouse. I have internal Bluetooth in my laptop (Dell) and this mouse works flawlessly with it. Turn the mouse on and it links right up to the laptop and goes. I love the tactile rubbery coating on this mouse and the included USB charger. Nice style and design coupled with excellent battery life and decent ergonomics for a small form factor mouse make for a great deal in a BT mouse. As usual, Amazon's service is top notch as well!
You bought the IPOD Nano basically for its looks. Buy this for the same reason. Its so cute and fits your Nano exactly as you wish. I bought an item from another company and though it was cheaper, it looked dirty on my computer table. This one has the "Apple" looks
These headphones sound decent and the bass boost is nice. I compared these Coby CV200s to pair of Beringer HPX2000 headphones. OK you really notice the Coby does indeed have more bass but the HPX2000s have a very lively crisp upper mid-range and treble sound. With the Beringer you can hear the drumstick smack the cymbals and actually hear the guitar pick hit the strings on acoustic guitars in Doobie Brothers "Captain and Me" album. You can use the equalizer in I-tunes or Windows Media Player and up the middle and high ranges to liven the cheaper Coby headphones but they never really get the crispness of music. The Cobys are good though and sometimes you want a softer sound of muffled highs. The bass is strong in the Coby headphones but not harsh. If you are traveling and don't want to worry about losing or breaking an expensive headphone set these Coby CV200 headphones will make you very happy. As for the Earphones the coolest thing is not the earphones (as they are very sub-par) but the case they come in. It is really neat! You place the earphones in the pockets and the cord is wrapped and spun around a small wheel inside the case manually. Close the top and you have a nice little carrying case. Overall this is a really good deal.
If you use a CD or DVD tower duplicator and you're really tired of sticking labels on your finished disks, this printer is for you. It's fairly quick, under 1 minute per CD/DVD, and it's a sturdy piece of equipment.If you have color-intensive disk designs to be imprinted on your disks, you will get about 150 per color cartridge and about 300 per black cartridge. If your designs use less ink, then your output will increase proportionally.I did have a problem with a Primera ink cartridge which was pretty frustrating, but Primera warranties their cartridges and will replace any that don't perform properly, which is great. In addition, Primera warranties this printer for life, which doesn't include repairs after 1 year, but it does provide excellent phone support, indefinitely.Primera cartridges run about $48. for this printer, although you can find good quality refilled cartridges for just less than half that price.The cost for this printer is considerable, but the time savings, freedom from label-failure and the improved appearance of your disks is really impressive, and worth it, I think.
Very light-weight and holds a laptop at the right angle; I got one for my husband's laptop and one for mine; the dimensions on my laptop are a few inches wider than on his, but the Cool Lift fits both perfectly well. The design seems to accommodate the size differences of various laptops, and the computers "seat" without wobbling during use. Very nice product at a great price.Review by Mrs. Neighbor John
Even though the first one would not set up at all, the second managed to work for almost FIVE months before it died. I went to a Linksys 3200 dual-band and had even bigger problems once I FINALLY got IT working. Linksys insists on a 192.168.1.1 router setting which plays havoc with wireless Blu-ray players, wireless TVs, iPhones, etc. So now I'm going back to the D-Link DIR-655, even though I'll have to buy a couple every year.
I ordered this sleeve for a portable printer I have. I figured that the size would be about right and it is, but I was surprised by the quality of this sleeve. I've had other notebook sleeves and they weren't as thick or as well-cushioned as this one.I also have a 15" laptop that needs a sleeve and I'm going to be ordering one more of these for my computer.Good news ! There is no longer a metal logo on the outside of the sleeve. It's now a vinyl logo which is stitched on, so your laptop will not be damaged by the former metal logo, as another reviewer posted.And finally, the bottom-line. It's about $8. under the price of comparable sleeves advertised here on Amazon and it's eligible for Prime shipping which means no-cost or reduced shipping. This is an excellent sleeve at a steal of a deal price !
I travel for a living so having the right bag was very important. I had a very expensive ($400) computer bag but in the end, it didn't last nearly as long as I thought.I purchased this bag about a year ago. To this day, this laptop bag has held its shape and has taken a lot of travel abuse. It still looks in a new condition and has lots of pockets/storage zippers for files etc etc.I can't believe it is now around $100. When I bought it, it was around $70. I should have bought another one at that time.I strongly recommend it. It is built solid. The wheels, which are generally the first thing that goes bad, still holding strong. Every 90 or so days, I spray the wheel bearings with WD-40 lubricant. Other than that, its pretty much maintenance free. Its lightweight and stores fine in the overhead storages of the plane as well as under the seat of the plane.
I live three walls from line of site to the TV broadcast towers and get very poor to no reception. Towers are 5 miles from me. Either this is defective or a very poor antenna.Got a new Sony LCD and this antenna works fine with it.I believe my old TV was at fault.
This company is unable to support their products.If you need support forget it.I've been dealing with them for over a year (if you can call a one way conversation "dealing with").Web support is a laugh.Phone support is non-existent.Basically if you need help you will not get any.
Oh my God, the Lexar 512 MB 12X HSS CompactFlash Card (CF512-12-251) is so awesome it makes me want to kill myself! The Lexar 512 MB 12X HSS CompactFlash Card (CF512-12-251) totally rules, and I'm not even kidding! Let me just say this: The Lexar 512 MB 12X HSS CompactFlash Card (CF512-12-251) makes the Lexar 512 MB 12X SSS CompactFlash Card (CF512-12-250) look like it was made out of f-'in legos, people. The technology makes my brain bleed, figuratively! I'm so serious.I'm going to get a tattoo that illustrates how much I love the Lexar 512 MB 12X HSS CompactFlash Card (CF512-12-251). Jealous?
This is identical to Acase Apple iPad Capacitive Stylus (Metallic Silver) by Acase:Acase Apple iPad Capacitive Stylus (Jet Black)Except for the colors. I have both to compare.Works perfectly and is well constructed.I am waiting for some to arrive from China ordered via Ebay.I will report any differences as the Chinese ones are two for $1.35.Update 2-5-2011:The Chinese stylus is plastic and quite small.They work OK but are light and small.2 for a buck though.Thanks ... Ken
I read the reviews with the problems and the solutions. I've been messing with personal computers for over 30 years so I figured "I can handle that."It worked well on two computers but for some strange reason one of the Windows 7 computers would just not see the server. I used the IP address method and tried several ways to access it but they just wouldn't work. Very strange... So, its on the way back to Amazon. They are great!Solution to the "problem", replace the inexpensive USB printer with a new network attached printer from Amazon, of course.
This IS really a great case and it protects EVERYTHING and covers all the plugs.But I just get a new video ipod and it is soooo sad that they don't have it yet for the Ipod video :(but other wise if u have a mini I would stop your search now and buy this one :D
Mine broke within two weeks, the right headphone started to rotate a full 360 degrees when it should have been only 45 degrees. I thought crazy glue would help but they broke again, soon the week after same thing happened to the other one. Tried using crazy glue again for nothing, three weeks later the right headphone broke completely (a thin piece of plastic that holds it to the metal rotating piece just broke). Needless to say these were trash, and perhaps too big for the design. Had they been smaller they would have survived. I yet have to send them to see if KOSS would honor their lifetime warranty. Very dissatisfied, I paid thrice what they sell here since I bought them downtown and was in a hurry to get headphones that day, very disappointed.
The hardware is impressive, but unfortunately it ships with the U3 virus software. I'm a software engineer by trade, and I'm amazed that Sandisk includes U3. When you insert the USB stick into a new computer for the first time, Windows will pop up a notice saying that's installing the U3 virus. Guess what happens when you give this USB stick to your boss to transfer some files? After he plugs it in, he yells at you, saying he doesn't want any damn software installed on his laptop. Telling him it's the U3 virus doesn't make it any easier.Also, when you plug it into a Windows machine, two drives show up. This is due to the U3 virus trying to do auto-run. I tried to plug the USB stick into a photo kiosk at my local drug store to upload some photos. Because the first drive is empty (out of the two that show up), the photo kiosk will say there is nothing on the stick. Good job there, U3 virus.Finally, I got so sick of the U3 virus, I ran the "uninstall" feature, which presented me with two options. The first option said it would take 99 minutes to complete. The second option said it would delete the U3 partition, which I believed referred to the first partition I mentioned in the above paragraph. I chose this second option, and it deleted everything off my USB stick. Then I had to pay $150 to have my data recovered.Do not tolerate the U3 virus. Delete it immediately, or perhaps get a USB stick from another company.
After the countless negative reviews I almost didn't buy it. But I'm glad I did. You must read the instructions CAREFULLY. The on/off switch is tricky you have to "HOLD" in for a few moments to turn it on and off. Also the signal from the base, when you are not receiving you must adjust the signal so the light on the base is "flashing", a constant light on will not work as well. I have no complaints about the product and would recommend it to anyone. I have satellite radio and wanted it for football games while grilling outside, again, works fine.
I have had nothing but problems with this tower. Tech support is garbage. After wrestling with the preinstalled OS I finaly blew the drive and installed Windows XP (non media) addition. At present time the PC has no sound the eitheret port that came with the PC does not work. I instaled an after market PCI eithernet card and can at least surf the net. i will never buy another HP tower. I have wasted hours with thier coutomer "service". Another company that bases tech support somewhere in asia. Steer clear of HP. Build your own tower or go with Dell or gateway.
I still rate it 4 stars because of the quality of the sound, the reliability of the cassette decks and the low price. Sony has been making this same product for several years with no changes, so that means it's great, right?
Or you could hold out -- like I am -- for the Bernadette Peters Special Edition iPod that will most likely hit the shelves this fall. The playlist I assume will contain:1) "Pink Cadillac"2) "Heartbeeps"3) "Bernadette Peters Loves Rodgers & Hammerstein"4) "Annie"5) "I'll Be Your Baby Tonight"6) "The Jerk"7) "Pennies From Heaven"8) "Sondheim Etc."9) "Slaves of New York"10) "Sondheim Etc. Etc."So, if you're a sucker (or not a Bernadette Peters fan--yeah right!), go out and buy your non-Bernadette Peters iPod today.And buyer beware: when they do come out with the Bernadette Peters Special Edition iPod, which they totally will, do not get hoodwinked into buying the Kristin Chenowith Special Edition iPod. Accept no substitutes!
I bought this remote because I lost the original remote to my RCA VCR soon after I bought it; the remote was gone and not found ever. The original remote to the VCR was almost identical to this one in appearance. Except for the fact that the VCR remote was a full sized remote.So of course I said "the same brand, look alike, its all I need!"Wrong, I followed instruction to the letter how to program it to work with the VCR as it appeared with model number and everything.The remote did ALL the basic functions to ANY VCR. But the VCR was inoperable otherwise. This remote lacks a "MENU" key. That means I couldn't program the VCR, set time, or even set language at the initial setup. The ONLY VCR features this remote can give you is PLAY, REWIND, FORWARD, STOP, RECORD but apart from that nothing else can be achieved with this useless item.Of course hoping that it would work with the RCA branded appliances at the time, I also had a slightly older RCA TV which this remote did not operate at all. I have seen other branded universal remotes that can operate ANY device manufactured by the same company as long as it was made by the same company. But this remote falls SHORT.Do not buy! Any convenience store universal remote control can do what this sucker can do and it costs less. At the end I had to spend thirty five bucks ordering straight from factory the original remote controls for both the TV and the VCR, what a ripoff.Looks is the only useful thing about this remote, its cute. Use it as another ornament or toss it in the trash.
I bought this junk, not from Amazon. It plays what it wants, it is clunky, like something from a nightmare called 8 track players, what is wrong with Sony? I recall when you could put a vinyl record on a turntable, you got instant music. I recall that even 8 track players gave instant music, so did cassette decks. This thing is garbage, it doesn't work, it will play about 20 songs, then just sit there. Don't buy this, it's junk.
This camcorder does capture good shots. But the main drawback is that it records to DVD. Initially its nice and easy to capture video and watch it on DVD instantly. It gives you instant gratification. But after capturing 4 or 5 hours of video, you will notice that your videos aren't so great as you expect it to be. Its not the fault with your camcorder. Its because all of us shoot extra footage, unwanted scenes, shakes, etc which we want to edit. You may want to add a title or two, add transitions, add backgroud music, combine your photos with the video, etc. Basically you may want to edit your footage. Its here when you find the major drawback of this camcorder. The DVD that you used to capture is non-editable. Therefore you need to download it to your computer and use a program like Pinnacle 9.0 to edit it. But the original picture quality is so bad that you won't have sufficient bandwidth to edit the video. As you know, DVD videos are compressed in MPEG2 format. This is a lossy compression that is good enough to watch the video on TV but not good enough to edit. When you edit these videos, add some transitions or special effects, increase/decrease brigthness or noise, etc, the newly edited video loses further clarity and thus makes your video look ugly and pixelated.In summary please don't buy this camcorder if you are serious about your videos and would like to edit them. But if you are not bothered about editing and want to watch your "RAW" unedited footage forever, then go for it.That said, if you still think you want to go for this camcorder, please read the review on its other features:1. Super NightShot Infrared System: Not a useful feature. Its amazining to initially see how this camcorder is able to "see" using infrared light. But the moment you shoot your wife or kid using infrared light, you never want to shoot again as they will appear like devils when shot using this infrared light. Remember infrared footage appears in black-and-white and not color. And the subject's eyes really look like devil.2. 2.7-inch wide SwivelScreen LCD display with touch panel capabilities: Good feature if you always want to shoot in widescreen. In fact I would suggest you to shoot in widescreen only as all future TVs and current LCD/Plasma TVs are widescreen. You can future proof your video by shooting widescreen3. Digital still photos: Please don't rely on this feature. The best photos from this camcorder as as good as the worst photos from any popular digital camera. Technology has still not matured to the point where a camcorder can shoot as good as a digital camera and vice versa.4. 10x optical/120x digital zoom: Optical zoom is good enough. Any more zoom requires the use of a tripod. You can manage without a tripod upto 10X only. Hence its good enough. Don't use the digital zoom feature. Turn it off. As mentioned above, MPEG2 compression already makes the video bad in quality. The digital zoom further makes it worst.5. Progressive shutter system: Sony tries to mislead you into thinking that the camcorder is progressive. Not its not. Video is still interlaced only. Only digital photos are progressive which obviously they must be. Its no big deal. Forget about this feature.6. Professional-quality Carl Zeiss Vario-Sonnar T* lens: Yes its good. The image quality is truly great till it gets compressed into MPEG2 format for storing onto DVD.7. Super SteadyShot picture stabilization system: Good enough to avoid small vibrations caused when going on a ship for example. But not good enough for the shakes encountered when walking with the camcorder. Don't expect to get great footage in such conditions. For great footage, you must still rely on a steady hand or a tripod.8. Dolby Digital 5.1-channel recording: Not a big deal. If you have a 5.1 home theatre, you may get some good results. But if you are watching your video on ordinary TV, you will actually lose some audio as your DVD player downsizes the 5.1 audio into 2 channel audio. All professional Hollywood DVDs actually have at least two seperate audio information. One for 5.1 systems and one for ordinary stereo. The DVD produced by this camcorder has only one track for 5.1. So if you watch on an ordinary Tv, you may lose some audio information. I would suggest not to rely on this feature and instead shoot in stereo only as its more than enough for everyday regular home videos.9. On-screen zoom and record buttons: Not an useful feature. The camcorder tends to shake more when you use these zoom buttons on the LCD because the LCD is always projecting outside when shooting video. Hence you shake the camcorder more when you touch the LCD than when you touch the camcorder's body.10. USB 2.0 interface: NOt a useful feature. Its easier to remove the DVD and place it on your DVD ROM drive on your computer, than to connect the camcorder using USB cables. The USB interface is useful if you want to burn DVDs using the camcorder's DVD burning feature. But remember, this camcorder can burn only miniature sized DVDs and not the regular DVDs. Moreover its cheaper and more convenient to use the computer's internal DVD writer or external DVD writer than to use this camcorder as a DVD burner. You don't want to decrease the life of the camcorder's DVD writer as the camcorder is far expensive than an ordinary DVD burner.11. One-touch wide-angle shooting: Useless feature. You tend to always shoot in wideangle or letterbox. Who would want to switch constantly between these modes? Also as suggested earlier, better to shoot in wideangle only and future proof your videos.12. Picture Package software: Very useless software. The free Picasa software from Google is far better in organizning your videos and pictures than the software that comes with this camera. Forget about this software.13. DVD-R/RW and +RW Compatible: The camcorder is somewhat slow and non-responsive when you use DVDRW. This may be because DVDRW always have slower burn speeds compared to DVDR. So this is not a very useful feature unless you are planning to shoot still photos only. The slow speed problem occurs when shooting video only.14. Active interface shoe: You can use this to connect external flash or mic. Not a very useful feature as any external device spoils the compactness of this camera.15. InfoLithium battery with AccuPower meter system: Great battery life. I could shoot for upto 1 hour 20 minutes with one battery. Remember we always don't shoot continously in everyday life. We turn the camcorder on and off repeatedly when shooting. This battery last for 1 hour 20 minutes during normal shooting as explained above. If you shoot continously you may get longer battery life.Overall summary. Buy this camcorder only if you are not serious about editing the videos. Its a good buy for point-and-shoot-and-view viewing pleasure.
Brought it home. Unpacked it. Spent over 4 hours troubleshooting why it won't work on my home wireless network, with first internet chat then phone support. Escalated to level 2 person. Messed around with every setting imaginable, powered down and powered up every device in every configuration. Even connected the physical cables. Gave up! I followed instructions. Now I'm stuck in a loop after the printer was detected on my network, but the software keeps reasking the same question instead of proceeding as it should. Please save yourself the time, try a different printer. Looks pretty, but gotta take it back... sigh. ** update 3/6/2007 - I purchased the Dell Wireless Photo All-In-One Printer 966. Installation was hassle-free and after two months, I can highly recommend checking this one out as a great alternative.
Never buy these DVDs even if you want to burn only non-essential data on them. The failure rate is very high (1 out of 4 sessions failed for me on a Lite-On DVD writer).If you are successfully in burning, think again. You may be unsuccessful in retreiving the data. If you burnt 4.5 GB or more of data, then the last few files won't be burnt properly and can't be read. Example, if you compress a DVD movie to 4.5 GB and burn the movie to this disc, the last 10 minutes of the movie will always be missing as the DVD gets stuck when it reaches the end.Please buy TDK or Verbatim discs only. I never encountered any problem with these brands.
I'm still astonished by this low priced, high quality turntable. I've owned many turntables in my long life, but never one at this price that surpasses all others. It plays with amazingly low "click" and "hiss", it tracks beautifully on slightly warped records, it never skips and just does a beautiful job. To the reviewer who compained that it can't play warped records, I suggest you go to Goodwill and look for a BSR oldie to play anything that badly warped. You will damage this fine machine by putting weight on the tone arm!Doing so will wear out the stylus. This is a bargain, I've seen it sold at other sites for TWICE the price I paid Amazon for it. Vinyl lives forever! This one is even better than the one I replaced it with, I love it.
I am amazed that these wonderful headphones sell for such a low price. Just go for it. If Sony or Bose produced these headphones, I am sure, they would be selling it for $200.Excellent sound quality, great bass effects and full-satisfaction even after listening for extended hours.I am puzzled why they are bundling a watch with this package. Makes no sense. Anyway, just consider the watch as a bonus and gift it to a child. The watch is not fancy enough for an adult.
I've had my Axim for a few months now and I still love it. No troubles at all except when I enable WEP on my wireless card; I have to restart after inserting the card to recognize the network. I suspect this is related ot my no-name wireless card and not Dell's fault.Only disadvantages are the size (it is much larger than other handhelds). I knew this going into it and I find the size comfortable to hold, though it doesn't fit into all of my pockets. The other disadvantage is the Dell support. I haven't had to deal with them since I know a bit about computers, however I ordered my PDA from Dell and was going away in 2 weeks. Their estemated delivery time was one week so I thought I was good. Turns out their site doesn't update daily and the unit was on back order. I had to argue with supervisors for 4 days before I finally got someone who got the situation resolved. All the others would say they will make sure it will ship today, then they 'forget' about it.As long as you order from Amazon that shouoldn't be an issue. The fact is that only 25% of the service reps at Dell speak english without a THICK accent, and only 25% of those people really care about their job enough to go out of their way to help customers.What it comes down to is I love the PDA, but hate Dell and can't recomend this product to anyone who can't troubleshoot software issues with the device.P.S. Dell shipping and handling is a KILLER! If you are planning on buying accesories make sure Amazon or another retailer has what you need or you will end up paying $7 shipping on screen protectors that weigh nearly nothing.
A piece of real crap. Never even think of buying this.After lot of difficulties, I could finally point it to the moon. I only saw white light through its eye-piece as much as I can see with my naked eyes!!! The eye piece is so small, it seems as if I poked a hole on a piece of paper and watched a portion of the moon through the paper. And I paid so much money to see that crap?Then I focussed on a distant star. It just appeared as it would appear through a 4x cheap binocular.Believe me, don't buy a telescope if you live in a city and have enough "noise" from other light sources. If you live in a country side, you'd better buy a better telescope and not this crap.I finally sold it on ebay and bought a good pair of Nikon binocular. The moon looks awesome through the Nikon binoculars. Read my other review on Nikon binoculars.
In the last five years, Sony leads the industry in customer complaints and this product is in line with Sony's poor performance. The distortion level is so acute that it's impossible to enjoy a cassette, the CD does only slightly better. One wonders how anybody who likes music could be satisfied with this product. However, it is good for listening to news, and talk radio. The AM and FM reception is really good. But this one's not for anyone who likes music, even a child will be unhappy with it. Plus, the buttons are so poorly made that they fall off if you aren't careful.
I bought this microscope with so much enthusiasm, hoping to see common things like hair, leaf, flower, blood drop, etc through it. But this microscope is a huge disappointment.It has three magnification levels which you select by rotating the eye piece. All three of them are horrible in quality. Even in the lowest magnification setting its too hard to bring the object to focus. Even after an hour of patience and trial and errors, I could still not focus it on anything. The medium and higher magnification levels are not even to be tried as they are horribly poor.The built in light and project system is a joke. Its of absolutely no use as it does not work even a tiny bit.Do yourself a favor and never buy this piece
We went to get this CD player in a local Walmart store. The price was slightly less, but EVEN SO, this piece of junk does not own up to ten dollars. After the CD player plays for about 1 hour (an entire music CD can hold 80 minutes of music [1 hour, 20 minutes]) this radio over-heats and REFUSES to play the rest of the music. It looks like every song has problems after track 16 or so (as another reviewer pointed out) it sometimes just gives error message. This happens specially with CD-R and CD-RW discs.The worst about this, is that my mother (the owner) called me within a couple of weeks of buying it and explained it to me on the phone. I couldn't believe it, and I told her "mom this sounds too incredible to believe"...A few weeks later, I went to visit her and used the player myself. She was right, everything she said was true! By this time the player had been with her at least 2 months and we couldn't think about returning it without a receipt. My poor mother, I feel so guilty for doubting her!To top it off, the sound quality is horrid! I couldn't even recognize my favorite musician's music! I almost cried, I was listening to my best song; dismantled, with the quality equivalent of a 96kbps Mp3 song!... I put the headphones on, and the music sounds much better; but we wanted a boombox, and this thing is too bulky to use as a portable/compact CD player!What a piece of junk this boombox is! Here I am trying to look for a suitable player to replace that one, what a ripoff. I'd expect this from a Coby brand, or maybe a GPX brand, but not an eighty-four dollar Sony!
Finally, the good folks at Kingston have come up with the one thing that really needs a memory card. And that is a memory card. If you have memory cards that need memory cards, you know the frustration that this usually brings (i.e. hair-pulling, head-smashing, and tear-dropping).Now that I have a memory card for my memory card, I can only assume that my life will be infinitely more memorable (hey, buddy, make like Gerald Ford and pardon that pun). I cannot for the life of me, however, think what I will do if the memory card I put in my memory card runs out of memory. That is most likely when I will give up on it all.
One of the most horrible products I have ever owned. It died in just 4 months of usage. Never buy this product
Overall, great radio for the price and very light weight to carry and the sound is wonderful. Honestly, I really enjoy this radio very much as it serves the purpose for me. However, the AM reception is not as good as I thought it would be as the FM is really good. I also enjoy SW it picks up very well as I listen to a favorite SW radio station from Texas....reception is great with just the antenna alone.
Great price for the product $12 and some change compare that to $40 plus for a ink cartridge. It's just as good as the ones at the store but cheaper!!!!
Buyer alert: this printer eats toner like there is no tomorrow, 2500 pages is not much from a laser cartridge, but in real life it never even comes close to this (officially rated) output. If you print half of the official rating before having to plunk down another $70 for a new cartridge, count yourself lucky.To add insult to injury, the feed roller is made of low grade rubber which deteriorates to such a degree after 3-4000 pages that it will jam the paper every single time, thus making the printer completely useless. For most users this occurs after the warranty is up, so you get to choose between a service call costing about the same amount as the printer's new price, or just buying another printer. I know the next one will not be a Samsung...
A very useful memory card reader that has a small profile, & worked GREAT. It well worth the cost and a good value that I would purchase again.
This was a nice purchase. The video quality is good, battery life excellent and it's easy to use. I like the fact that it is very light. Good for carrying around to various sporting events for the older kids. I also used it for birth of my most recent. One thing of note, you cannot copy the videos directly from the hard drive. You must install the accompanying software (or at least I had to). It's not that bad, the software enables you to move the videos to your local PC and then you can use your choice of movie editing/creation software. The direct to DVD function works well if you don't want to create any fancy menus or add/delete material. I'm using Vista Premium and it works great with my machine.
I have not really used other scanners, so I cannot say for sure that a more expensive scanner would not have more features or be better in some other way. But what I can say is that I am very pleased with my Canoscan 3000 EX. For the price, it performs all basic scanning functions simply, quickly, and efficiently. The quality of the output is extremely good. It is very easy to use. I did not have to look at the instruction manual. This scanner is also seamlessly recognized by Adobe Photoshop if you want to make multipage PDF's. Overall, I'm sure there are scanners that are in some way "better" but for the price, why risk finding out.
Seems to be well made. I love being able to put both camera and computer in the same bag. The front pocket on this bag could use some better interior pockets or separators.
Review of lens based on Canon 40D:Be sure you can return it because the first one I got was pure junk. All of the images at 70mm f2.8 where unusably blurry.But wait... after returning it to Amazon (which was quick, return shipping paid, and pain free!!) for another copy of the lens it is very sharp and I would consider it acceptable for any amateur as well as professionals on a budget(such as myself).That being said, I should mention that there is a bit more chromatic aberration than I have seen from other lenses but it's acceptable and can be minimized with smart shooting.CONCLUSION:Don't be scared of the lens but do be sure you can return without hassle. All-in-all I am extremely happy with the results of the second lens.
The price on these was excellent. I had shopped around and of course the office supply stores that had them wanted an arm and a leg for one refill. My wife and I love organizing with these little labels.
My wife got me this remote for Christmas dispite vowing that I would never be allowed to invest in another universal remote as long as I expected her to watch TV with me. My latest universal remote was a Kameleon from Radio Shack; and it is very COOL! The main problem is that my wife could never figured out how to make it work -thus "enjoy this one Bob, because you not getting another to replace it". After watching me reading about the 880 (endlessly) on the Internet, she purchaced it for me fromAmazon for Christmas.Of all the great things that I can say about this remote, none can be greater than "MY Wife Can Use It (and she does)". The remote is easy to setup and even easier to use. I think about the endless hours that I have spent programming my other universal remotes and still have so many functions that required the "host" remote. That's not the case with the 800.If you're looking for a GREAT universal remote at a very fair price, do consider the Harmony 880 (from Amazon)- it's good and it works beautifully.
This is a great printer for anyone who produces text or (otherwise black and white) documents and needs a personal printer that will produce extremely high quality printouts, with good speed. Toner is affordable and readily avalable. This makes this a good printer for me, who must print out and review long drafts of manuscript/draft form text. I recommend it highly. It is much more reliable than any inkjet I have ever owned. Really, if you want to print photos, get a photo printer. But if you need to reliably and efficiently print high quality text, get a monochrome laser printer. This one might be a good one for you.
I just purchased, installed and am enjoying the great sound. I have about a 10x10 room and it was vibrating other parts of the house at about 1/2 full volume (that's about all I could take)...The 5.1 surround is excellent and does immerse you. I played Flight Simulator and it definitely felt more realistic with these speaker. I then watched about an hour of Lord of the Rings, the first one, and was amazed at the sound clarity. The taps on the glass, the smacking of lips, very subtle and clear sounds. AMAZING!My only gripe is that the connectors from the subwoofer to the sound card are pretty short so I had to put the sub next to me rather than in front of me... The cables, on the hwole, are all too short. I'll probably head to Radio Shack and extend them so I can optimize the sound even more.All in all, very pleased.
I can't understand why the connector consists of a screw-on bracket thing that never seems to tighten right. It just seems dumb. Why not a conventional plug that conveys the power in a straightforward and reliable manner? It works, but there is a big old resistor thing that is cumbersome. I guess if you need external power you really have NO other choice, Magellan designed it that way.It works, but could have been done better.
I've read many of the reviews here and only have to add the following:1. My wife and I are retards as it took us over 3 hours to build this thing out!!! Sony could have designed the construction intelligently but chose to use sub-standard scews which, well, basically screw you over. Very easy to de-thread the screws and we almost ruined one of the stands as they didn't screw in or out easily...2. Speaker wires are cheap but at least color coded on one end for ease of set-up.3. All small pieces, like screws and washers, don't come in one simple bag. Had to look for the second set which had falled out during unpacking (remember,m we're obviously retards!!!) :)4. Building the speakers is almost moronic, specially the back surround sound ones. Again, design could have been way better...5. Instructions are poor and not in great order.On the plus side:IT SOUNDS GREAT!!! Short of an issue we have with one of the rear speakers (I suspect a wire isn't in all the way, which requires us to open it up again), it all worked well... Very powerful system with geat sound quality.Actually, we've had many systems and I've built many computers. We're not really morons, just a little challenged when there are many small parts that don't fit all that well...If you like building things, this should be good for you!Next time, I'll have someone build it for us and save three hours of valuable time.
I bought this product after thorough research and sending back another product that was just too large to carry easily.If you are a magician, clown, or belly dancer, or some other kind of party entertainer this is the perfect portable, all-in-one durable piece of equipment on the market at this time for dragging to gigues. The guitar amp is also for large pin microphone and has a mixing knob (thus it does Karaoke: you can sing with the music). You will not find this in any other description, not even JVCs. I had to buy the product to see what it really can do.It has no-nonsense buttons, you don't have to read the instructions to operate it and the sound is clear and LOUD.A great item for the investment, I think I can will it to my kids.
This radio compares favorably to my two CCRadios....It has a slide rule tuning system, and you can more accurately tune into a specific station. At night, the selectivity switch really shines, as you can tune in distant stations easily, or eliminate the interference...It is a different radio, and I like both this one and the CCRadios....For the money, unbeatable. The tuning dial is not at all accurate, but that is no big deal, once you know where the stations are that you want to tune in....I also like the advertised battery life, although I have not tested the longevity of the batteries yet.So I say get one of these even if you are going to get a CCRadio....they are both pretty much the best am radios going...
Thank you for my case I really enjoy it. It really works for me and I get to organize my cds and dvds. I enjoy it so much that I will be ordering another CD/DVD case for the rest of my dvds and cds. THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!! :-)
I'm in general agreement with other reviews, with one major addition.Comfort is not exceptional. I've used these on a transatlantic flight, and I could only stand to wear them about four hours. My ears became too sore after that. I had some Seinheisers before that did not have that problem.Sound quality is marginal, but it's about what I'd expect from noise cancellation headphones in this price range. Ditto for the noise cancellation. The set folds up pretty well, but not nearly as nicely as expensive sets such as Bose.In short, there are no outstanding reasons to buy this set. But there's one reason that makes wish I had not. I'm tired of putting those silly ear pads back on.The first one fell off the third or fourth time I used the headphones. I worked hard to try and get it back on exactly right. Then the other side fell off shortly thereafter. Now they both fall off with regularity. I'm way past trying to get them back on with the edges property tucked in because it's not worth the fifteen minutes it takes every time. Now I just slip them on, and know that they'll fall off again in two or three wearings.I'm thinking of super-gluing those pesky suckers on. I think that's the only way they might stay for a while.
Just buy the cheapest you can find. They work the best, becuase they have less bells and whistles.
I have been running seven PCs on this, using an extra four port switch to expand it...It has been running nicely. It has been a faithful servant for over a year....I had to futz with it a bit a while ago because of some interference problem that ended when I moved it away from the huge monitor I have.If you don't what to learn how to set up a router, then give away all your computers because you don't want to learn anything about them. Like everything worth while, it takes a bit of work on your part to be successful.
These speakers have been trying my patience from the start. Direct mode (no power source) is useless unless the speakers are next to your head. The moment I added a power source (either with batteries or the Sony AC-E90HG adapter), the buzzing noise was present and would not stop. It seemed to be related to the non-removeable stereo cable. The buzzing was problematic enough to send these speakers packing after only a day.
I purchased this filter for the sole reason of protecting an expensive lens. I can wipe dust and fingerprints off of it easily without worrying about scratching my lens.I use lens paper to clean the lens, and have never had issues with scratching.
It's a hand strap. You might love it, you might hate it. How should I know? I like mine fine.
These HDMI cables are good quality and will do a perfect job doing whatever you need an HDMI cable to do.The cable is still in use (and isn't being used as a jump rope or anything else), so I can recommend it to you.
I got my S50 for Christmas. It's a fun product, but still has some kinks to be worked out. The first night I tried to schedule recording of music channels. It didn't work and so I called Sirius customer support. The first person I spoke to there said that you couldn't schedule recording of music channels. Turns out that is not true, and after talking to a supervisor, I got the right combination of settings to get music to record. (Among other things you have to be on a specific version of firmware). Now I've managed to successfully record several hours of Christmas music, dance music, classical music.**UPDATED 1/2006*After testing the S50 for 30 days I decided to return it. The recorded sound quality from the satellite radio was very disappointing, and based on my research this is an artifact of the compression that Sirius uses. The FM modulator sounds like all FM modulators, a little tinny. The direct line out jack has much better sound, but still not fantastic.The program to manage your music collection is acceptable, but not great. The memory (512M) available for your own MP3 collection is really small given how big the unit is. It doesn't come close to standing up to an IPOD, Creative Zen or Iriver MP3 player.If you're using this primarily for music, there are better options. You can buy a 20G MP3 player + an XM Roady2 + Timetrax and (a) save $100-200, (b) get better sound quality (c) have 40X as much memory for your own MP3's.If you're interested in timeshifting Howard Stern or other Sirius-only programming, this may be a good solution for you.Some other notes:If you have an S50 and cannot find the home docking station, go out to radio shack and buy an AC-to-DC Portable Power Supply (P/N 22-505) for $26.99. I've been using my S50 with that and it works just great on my home stereo.
It's white. It's metal. It's glass. Some electronic stuff in there, too. It is incredible how humans can make these things. Amazing technology. Great stuff. If you can afford it, you know enough about it by now, don't you? Read up, boys. Then buy this one or something like it. But don't ever, ever, buy a piece of garbage plastic lens, and expect it to give you pleasure, as this one does.
S-Video isn't all that common anymore, but I needed to run a computer signal to my parents' tube tv. With this cable, I didn't experience any visible signal loss, and am happy with the quality.
I searched for a long time. I bought this case. We are very happy together. I spend Saturday nights caressing it. If you buy one and don't like it, send it to me, I will give it loving care, you cad.
I have two of these. My son's is still working. Mine failed a few weeks ago. It won't turn on, and Crane can't repair them any longer (original CCrane Radio). I can understand that. No parts, out of luck. I had mine for about eight years. I know something about repairing electronics, and it was nothing obvious. Today I got a call from John at CCrane, and he had tracked me down. Thanks to his extra effort, I was able to take advantage of a credit of $40 towards any other radio they carry. That's fair. I liked my CCrane radio, and will buy another one, perhaps a different model. I was a bit surprised when it failed, but stuff happens. The main thing is that CCrane cares about their customers. A good company to do business with.
I've had this TV for a few years and I love it. I looked at many tvs before settling on this one. I bought it because of the picture. The sound is really good too. It definitely has the best colors. Sony and Panasonic have the worst skin tones. I got it at Costco. I still haven't got an HD receiver but I really don't need it. The standard picture looks good.
The TX-8511 Onkyo Stereo Receiver is an affordable, efficient way to upgrade the quality of your sound system. This receiver even made my old set of speakers sound great. I recommend this receiver for people who just want the basics for their sound system. For me, it was important to have a phono input, because I listen to records. The TX-8511 has the phono input as well as inputs for anything else you might want to hook up (e.g., CD players, multiple tape decks, etc.). It is also really quiet, with no buzz or hum whatsoever. It is clean, lean, and mean. The 100 watts per channel is more than sufficient to raise the roof, if you feel the need.Besides its excellent performance, I also appreciated how easy it was to set up. The instructions were clear and written with simplicity, and everything is labeled clearly on the receiver itself. It only took a few minutes to get everything working. This is such a great unit that I hope that Onkyo doesn't do something ill-advised like discontinue it.
I own 8 different models of flash drives made by various manufacturers (including two other models made by SanDisk).This is the one which travels with me, around the world, and carries my life on it. At the moment, it lives indefinitely on my keychain, and I'm trusting it with about 3000 personal files.Originally, I chose it for the large keychain hole. Sadly, some dope at SanDisk has decided to 'shrink' this hole in the 'updated' design model (now available). It's a subtle change, but NO THANKS. I prefer the original, chunky-keychain-hole design.But the real reason I keep it and use it? SUPER TINY and reliable. I barely notice it on my keychain, being no heavier, and only twice as thick as a metal key. And after a year and a half of HARD use and MUCH travel, it is still working fine. No, it ain't the fastest one I own, but it sure ain't the slowest one either. Speed is pretty average, which is adequate for me.Incidentally, the other SanDisk model that I owned (the regular Cruzer model) is probably my least favorite one. Not only did my own Cruzer not work properly, but I 'accidentally' broke the same model owned by my co-worker. HOW EMBARRASSING! Not that I believe it was really my fault - that model was a real piece of junk. I wouldn't trust it to chew my bubble gum for me, let alone carry my data.WARNING: When I say this model is relaiable, that is not to say that I don't back it up every now and then! They do sometimes go missing!!
I've had it installed outside under an overhang for over a year. While it only gets wet during a blowing rain it does handle single digit to 100 degree temps. The software that comes with it is very easy to use. It's easy to setup. The software that allows you to record what the camera sees is easy to setup and use and very cool).Please note: I am an older computer geek so that skews my review some.I use it specifically for two things: To identify who is driving up the driveway and to see who is at the door. I have mine set to standard (Favor Clarity - Standard - Favor Motion). My driveway is fifteen to thirty yards from the camera. I can easily tell what car is driving up. And the way I have it aimed I can pick up someone on the sidewalk. It's clear enough that I could easily pick them out of a mugbook. ;-) This is not a full-motion camera...15 fps is it's max. I automatically record thirty seconds before and after the camera detects motion. That's very handy. A bright day that has clouds passing by and blocking the sun off and on will set off the motion sensor. But since it's not full motion video the files are very small so it's doesn't kill your hard drive. It also won't kill your home network. Being able to pan and zoom the camera with the software is very easy. I do it often. There is a slight delay.The software that is for display allows multiple cameras to show on one screen. I've had more than one camera setup at a time and this was a nice feature.I've never used the [...] but plan to soon.I have several Panasonic cameras. None have given me any trouble. They work as advertised.
The Harmony 550 gets the job done, but not without problems. The largest problem is the software. The PC version of the software is slow, bloated, and, as of version 5.3.2, leaks memory like a sieve; for every action you perform, the memory footprint of the software increases, with no noticeable decrease. I've seen process sizes for the HarmonyClient.exe running over 400 megabytes. Thus, as you use the software, it becomes slower as the process size increases. Periodically, you need to restart the Harmony software or it will simply slow to the point where it will not respond.The software appears to store all your data on a web server and not very fast one. Essentially, the software replicates a browser interface with web-like form interfaces you see here on Amazon. The upside of this is, in theory, Logitech can leverage the information provided by all its users to correct any incorrect data on its database. Yet, many of the signals on my remote had to be corrected by hand. (Thankfully, you can teach your Harmony every signal it needs from your original remotes.) Logitech's central database on consumer remotes may be a work in progress.Final nails in the software's coffin are the fact that the software's installer set the client to run for all users by placing a link in the Windows Startup menu for all users. My preference would be to have a choice to have it start up automatically (rather than just start it); since the initial process size is 92 megabytes and I infrequently change my settings, I'd rather it start only when I want it. Also, an option to install the software for just me or all users, rather than starting it up for everyone, would have been polite.The Mac version of the software would not install on my 12" Powerbook running OSX 10.3. A quick scan of Logitech's website showed no updated version of the Mac software. Thus, I can't vouch for the claims of Mac supportOn the positive side, the software lock-ups are infrequent enough that I could set the remote up through a long process that took 90 minutes. After the set-up process was complete, I found several mis-configurations in my remote. For example, the TV would not turn on, I could not tune my receiver on FM, the power button for my Tivo would not work, and the volume on the amplifier would not budge when I selected my Mac Mini. Most of the problems were due to the stock remote settings being incorrect for my original remotes. After another 30 minutes, I was able to get the Harmony to learn the correct control signals from my original remotes. It takes considerable time and effort to get the remote working if you have a complex home setup.The redeeming side of the Harmony is the remote itself. The look is simple, the buttons are backlit with LEDs, making it usable in low light, and the interface is intuitive. There are two modes of use: by activity and device. When you select an activity, the remote will set up your system. For example, when I select "Watch Tivo," the remote will turn on my receiver, TV and Tivo and then tune my TV and receiver to the proper inputs. Additionally, through the software, you can elect to control the volume for any activity by whatever device you choose. When I choose "Watch Tivo," the volume buttons on the Tivo control the receiver. The remote has device buttons, allowing you to control a specific device. For example, when I switch on my Mac mini to listen to iTunes, for reasons I do not understand, I cannot control the volume with my receiver when the device is in "Mac Mini" mode. Thus, I switch to the receiver device mode and then my remote becomes a remote for the receiver. The concept of a remote with an activity where specific button operate different device based on what you are doing is brilliant.In the end, I was able to trade 6 remotes for one. Unfortunately, I find the remote a bit sluggish. It takes 3 seconds to turn everything on. This does not sound like a long time, but it feels like it. Also, when flipping through the Tivo interface, I commonly go past options when scrolling by hitting a directional one too many times because the remote seems to introduce a significant delay (a fraction of a second). I'm keeping the Harmony 550, as it beats going back to 6 remotes.Pluses:Exceptionally customizable and flexibleIt works (on a PC), I now have one remote, not six remotesGreat activity and device interfacesMinuses:Sluggish performance when hitting buttonsSoftware painful for use due to poor quality and designUpdate: As of version 7.2.3.5, the software works under OSX (10.4). Many of the performance problems have been addressed. However, the software is a web application (it always was). This is good as it stores your settings on a server (mine were still there after a 2-year period) but bad in that, every time you press a button, you have to wait for the Logitech server to give you results. If you have the fastest computer ever, you'll still wait the time it takes to communicate the request and receive the response. For me, that's just under a second. It's annoying as, to fiddle with the settings for any Activity, I must press about 15 buttons. Additionally, the button for the option to set and the next button are on opposing sides of the screen!LogiTech's strength is hardware, not software. They designed and created an excellent remote and saddled it with software that seems to thumb its nose at users with technical and usability issues (e.g. slow times, huge number of steps to configure items, no clear view of what is happening when problems occur). However, LogiTech is still working on the Software and the technical problems (if not the usability issues) are being addressed by LogiTech.Still, over time, I've gotten used to the remote and have come to appreciate how hard it is to control so many different devices, each not designed to work with the Harmony Remote. If you have an issue with one of your devices, using the software is like sticking pins in your eyes, otherwise, it's merely unpleasant, but typically you set it and forget it until you buy a new component. If Amazon allowed it, I would up the rating to 3 stars for the software improvements.For those of you wondering if it works with an XBox 360 - it does.
This is the second or third of these units I have bought over the last ten or so years. They go in easy, connect easy and are plenty fast.I'd give them four starts, except I have to replace them every two or three years.
This is the very best mouse I have ever owned. I love everything about it, except one thing - it doesn't work.As for the features, this mouse rocks! I gotta hand it to Logitech, they make beeeauuutiful products. They really think them through, and each feature is carefully crafted. I consider them unmatched in the creative design department.The problem is, their build quality just sucks. It seems that every logitech item I buy is a wonderful, passionate affair - that ends very quickly. I love it, use it, and then a few weeks later, it breaks.As for what I like about this Logitech model - oh, where to start!?- on/off switch (you laugh, but a lot of mice don't have this, and the batteries run down faster)- battery indicator; you can tell when the battery is getting low- infra-red eye; better than the laser eye, uses less battery too- very resposive; it got 'twitchy' at one point, but then I just cleaned the eye (got a bit dusty), and it went right back to normal- great comfy shape; some say it's small, but I think it's the perfect size and feel- slick, classy look- small, thin USB antenna; does not get in the way of other USB devices- USB antenna stores neatly inside the mouse- one-click search button; calibrate to your fav search engine, highlight any text, click button, it takes you to search results instantly; sweet!In short, I thought this was going to be the perfect mouse for me. I was HAPPY to pay the inflated price for such a gem. I got it home, used it, loved it, and really thought we were going to live happily ever after...Then, quite unexpectedly, it just stopped working. Just stopped.Okay, I said, don't panic, I said. It's a super-duper mouse, and worth a little extra effort. Quick trip back to the store, and I had a replacement in hand; even trade. Welcome home.And then about 3 weeks later, that one stopped working too.AARRRGG! What is it with this Logitech stuff!? Someone is not doing their job! Their design department gets an A++ in my book, I really could not be happier. But their engineers/builders? They must be out to lunch! It passes all tests with perfect 10's, except for the most important. And sorry, but even a perfect 10 x 10 x 10 x zero is still ZERO.I very much wanted to love this mouse and give it 5 stars, but alas, it is now just a fancy, little (not to mention, expensive) paperweight. Very, very sad.
I telecommute from a rural area where we have quite a few power outages. I bought one of these for my home office. A brief outage would require rebooting my modem, router, etc., which took a lot of time. I hooked my modem, router, cordless office phone, computer and printer to it. Now, when I lose power, the only way I know is the unit beeps. I liked it so much that I bought more for my TV and entertainment center; file and print server; and bedroom electronics. This unit has really made my life much easier. And I no longer lose data when we have a power blip!
I have done several installs of head units without wiring harnesses and this product saves hours of uncomfortable and aggravating effort. It also allows you to leave your vehicles factory wiring intact and unaltered. It only cost me $7. If you don't buy one you are a masochistic idiot.
Unlike other audio cables on Amazon.com, this has an adequate product description. I understand that it is a stereo to stereo splitter. That may not be what I need, but many product descriptions on this website do not contain enough information to understand what they should be used for. I personally need a L/R 1/8 or 1/4"L/R(stereo) to 1/4"R 1/4"L, seems surprisingly obscure given that most good speakers are mono and run on 1/4" jacks if not a tri prong.
When I was shopping for this, one review caught my eye saying this tripod was "mostly metal." That claim, along with the light weight in the description, were the two things that sold me on the model.Well, NEITHER ARE TRUE. This thing is indeed mostly plastic made to look like black metal. Apparently, this fooled the other reviewer, but not me. The only metal I found on the whole thing were the bars of the legs themselves, and the bar of the swivel handle. Every single other part of this thing is black plastic. All of the hinges and joints are plastic. The leg braces are plastic. The height crank is plastic (yikes!). Even the center tube is PLASTIC. Overall, it looks nice, I'll give them that; but please know that you are NOT getting a "mostly metal" tripod here. No way.Now, that by itself wouldn't be too bad, except that you'd expect something that's nearly all plastic to be much lighter - it isn't. The part of the description that reads:Product Dimensions: 22.3 x 5 x 4.9 inches ; 1 pounds..is WRONG. Maybe this thing weighs 1 pound on the moon, but it's much heavier where I'll be using it, here on earth. It is, indeed, much closer to it's described shipping weight:Shipping Weight: 4 poundsWhy the large discrepancy? Who know? Sloppiness on Amazon's part, I guess. At any rate, the weight was key for me, and there were several tripods lighter than 4 lbs which I passed up. I guess I should have trusted my instincts when they told me this was too good to be true.Anyway, if I'm going to buy a plastic tripod, I want it to be much lighter than 4 lbs.
You first have to force it to work in XP. Compatibility mode. Then be prepared to be disappointed with the maps you see. Simple scans of old maps. Complete with creases and dog ears. No searches for places. A cheesy Win 95 app with little usefulness. Mired in a 640X480 view. Primitive panning and zoom. Bad all around.
This is an awesome product for the money. Amazon sells this item at about a third of what the big chain stores want.These speakers sound GREAT for the cost...you can't go wrong.The bass can be overwhelming but the subwoofer level control located on the rear of the subwoofer enclosure can knock it down to a reasonable level. I'm confused by some comments saying that the sub control is hard to find...it's right there on the back of the subwoofer.Here is one area needing improvement:1. I wish the subwoofer control would reduce the bass output a little more. Even at the lowest level it can be a little too loud. Repositioning the subwoofer helps.The two satellite speakers have a mesh semi-transpearant black fabric grill covering the dual-driver speakers. This is not obvious in the product pictures. I was happy to find this to be the case...I thought the speakers were unprotected from curious fingers but the grill fabric provides adequate protection.Great speakers, great price. What are you waiting for?
Worked fine, until I needed to feed from the ADF-Jammed every time, could not get to work. Then 35 days after I bought it, and put in a new black ink, said all 3 colors were missing or bad. After three online chats with mostly incompetent HP techs, I have to return it, pay 79.99 for a 3 year warranty, so I can avoid an overnight charge.. Not that any technology item works perfectly, but you would think a product work work perfectly out of the box for at least awhile. And the cost of the #88 ink, well we won't go there....Update: After getting replacement printer-Discovered that the only problem was-the printer was out of ink-yes, just out of ink. Strange that three tech support people could not detect that, along with the warning not saying it was out of ink, but missing ink...
This device is a great idea but fails to satisfy its intended purpose...to provide reliable quality audio in your car from your Sansa player.I live in the Los Angeles area so finding an unused FM frequency is nearly impossible. Practically every possible FM frequency has some signal on it which makes this device useless for metropolitan use. I did find 1 frequency in the 88 MHz range that did work BUT I had to run a small wire from my external auto antenna to sit in close proximity to the iTrip in order to get any audio. Without this extra wire, the audio I did get was terrible. Repositioning the iTrip helped a little but never made the audio worth listening to. I have 2 cars (1 with an external whip antenna and 1 with a hidden antenna). The iTrip failed to work adequately in both vehicles.Additionally, it is nearly impossible to get enough signal from this device to allow for FM stereo reception by my car radios. 90% of the time, my FM receiver would only pickup a mono signal. Yes, I did change the LX/DX setting on both the iTrip as well as my car stereo.I used the iTrip over the past week on a trip to Arizona. Even in the relatively empty FM band in the AZ desert, the audio provided by the iTrip was unacceptible.It does charge the Sansa e250 battery nicely.I returned this device 1 week after purchase.I highly recommend NOT purchasing this device.
I ordered these for use on my motorcycle. While they don't sound as good as my in-ear BOSE, they do block all of the wind noise on the bike.
But if you like the looks of this one, it is probably worth it to you. Monster Cable has always been known to soak its customers.
I use two of these for my XLR to mini adapter, and I love 'em. They're heavy and durable, as well as solid connections. While I don't have a need for more than two, I would definitely buy these again if I needed them.
We purchased this set to go with a DVI TV. Bought the unit and an HDMI to DVI cord. When I received them and read the literature I became concerened and called Philips. According to their aupport people, once the DVI cable is plugged in, the audio R/L RCA plugs are turned off and you can't get any sound out of them. Philips site and the literature both say that the HDMI is 100% compatible with DVI but this person told me that was not true. I didn't bother to try and hook it up that way and maybe the person at Philips was incorrect. However, from there things took a step for the worse,Just before I was about to return the cable and DVP, we decided to buy a LCD HDMI capable TV. Plugged the unit in and it worked fine, for about 2 weeks, whereupon it decided that it didn't want to play any more DVD's. I tried everything from brand new DVD's to ones that had just been played on an extremely cheap player. It wouldn't play anything. I called Philips and they said to power the unit down and then turn it on again, I did so. Not, not only will it not play a DVD any more, it wouldn't produce a HDMI signal to my LCD (i was able to get it to work with component cables accept it only played for a short period of time before freezing up again). I purchased this item based on all the favorable reviews, the upscaling feature, and the fact that it was supposed to be fully cdompatible with DVI. I am returning this product to Amazon and will look for something else.
There's no doubt this disk is small and good looking, and a good price for a 250gb drive. But it makes more noise when idle than my other 2 external USB drives combined. When it's accessing data, the horribly loud clicking noises can easily be heard across the room during quiet movie scenes. It runs hot but does not have an automatic shutoff. (To be fair, most USB hard drives don't but a Porsche design should!). You can't solve this problem by using the on/off switch since it's this tiny thing in the BACK of the drive near the corner of the overhanging side and top - very hard to use for normal sized hands by feel alone. Maybe seems like a nit, but a portable drive really ought to have the sockets for the power and usb installed right side up so you don't have to remember to turn the sides with the icons down when inserting. It was plug'n'play on xp sp2, came formatted in fat32 with the dirty flag turned on so you have to run chhksk /f before running convert. You decide: looks or personality?Update March 2007. I guess it's only fair to let you know that both of the ones I bought 2 years ago are still clicking and over-heating along. I don't use them everyday as they're for backups that I rotate offsite - which means that they travel in my backpack every couple of weeks. I'd up my star rating to 3 or 4 now if I could.Update May 2008. Both of mine still running fine.Update June 2009. This will be the last update. Not becuase they are broken. They're still clicking away. I'm just running out of room on them and am switching to 500gb WD Passports. I got my money's worth out of these LaCies!
This was a replacement of an original piece of equipment that failed after many years of service. The new antenae works great. The product was delivered ahead of schedule. No problems..
I purchased one of these about a year and a half ago and liked it -- it was easy to use and I could find a static free empty frequency in Tucson although I did have some challanges with changing frequencies and static in the Phoenix area (not the transmitter's fault).Just recently the plastic split casing of the FM transmitter's cable that connects to the iPod just split apart and disintegrated -- unable to put back together. The connector has never been mistreated or stepped on. It still works, but to use it would leave exposed wires etc out and it won't lock into the iPod without the connector shell piece.I'll probably replace with a new model of Monster's transmitter since it did work well.So for this one I'd have to give Monster 2 stars (4-5 stars for the function of FM transmitter and 1 star for the lack of quality of the cable connector).
These easily fit in a pocket next to a cell phone, or with the included case strap to a belt. I used these for game viewing in Africa and was not disappointed; got me close to the action and were never a hassle to lug around or take out. For the money, these are a great value.
I bought these for a Canon digital camera. Seller offered to cut these to the size of my camera's LCD, but I was unable to find the exact dimensions, so I was sent a few uncut protective films, and did the cutting myself. Worked like a charm--I put one of these puppies on my camera, and now it feels protected, and doesn't materially change the clarity of the LCD. No glue or anything needed to make it stick, it just does, and well.All in all, I'm glad I made the purchase to protect my investment.
I just got this player last week. I was looking for my first mp3 player, and I was trying to find one that wasn't outrageously expensive. After spending quite some time in the store trying to make a choice, I regret my final decision to buy this one. However, I blame it on an employee who told me it was a good player. Riiiiiight.I have NEVER seen a CD player eat batteries so badly in my life! I had 2 sets of good rechargeable batteries charged to their fullest.... one set lasted 3 hours; the other set didn't even make it through 2 songs! In my last player, one set of those batteries lasted about 15 hours on average. This player is also very difficult to navigate, as it takes forever for the player to actually do anything when you push the buttons. Sometimes, it misses the fact that you pushed a button, or it goes 2 songs ahead when you only pushed the button once. The buttons are incredibly tiny as well, so they're a pain to push in the first place. It takes a good long while to even load discs too.The player has volume issues also. CDs of mine (real ones and CD-Rs) that have played in other players at consistent volumes play at varying volumes on this player. The sound output sometimes comes out as very fuzzy too, as though the bass is so overdone that the speakers cannot handle it (and this is without putting the bass boost setting on.)I tried using this player in my car, and it's horrible for that. It didn't skip, but that did nothing to make up for it's other problems. The lack of a lighted display and the fact that it has a 4.5 volt plug instead of a 6 volt one, the typical voltage for a cigarette lighter adapter, made it even worse.I'm going to be returning this player soon and will hopefully find a product much better. At this point, I'm so thoroughly disgusted that I probably will fork over at least (...) to get a better player. It certainly won't be anything with a RioVolt label on the cover.
I recently decided to start running again, and was quite curious about the course i was running which seemed tough. In particular, I'm training in the hills and wanted to know how far I'm running and the elevation changes. This watch is really great for that. I know can see my heart rate, how it is impacted by grade, and how far up and down i'm going. I can see that my heart rate jumps as I hit 25% grades, and my pace slows to a crawl. But I feel much less guilty about it...I was worried that this watch would be enormous on me. I have a very small wrist, at 15cm, and most watches are too big. I also hate clunky things. Although this watch is definitely much larger than i would wear normally, it is actually reasonably comfortable and does not bother me or awkwardly hit wrist bones, so i was pleased about that.I've become quite addicted to running with it, because for one thing it removes fear of unknown courses. I always have a good idea how far I've traveled, so I don't worry so much about going out too far.I also like seeing progress, since with the software I can see how I'm doing if I repeat a course, whether my heart rate or pace are dropping and so forth. And, when running, I like being able to check on my pace and distance so i can judge them better.The software that comes with it is so so. Maybe it has some great features but they aren't immediately intuitive, but the online software on motionbased is really cool. I like being able to share my courses with friends and see a map of where i've gone and track progress.On vista64 it will complain a bunch when you install the drivers, but it eventually figures things out and works.I'm sure the watch has a million features I haven't touched yet. I'm just using it with the simplest set up, but so far I really like the thing, and it definitely helps inspire me to keep training.
Like Thomas Lovely, I've been burned by both RioVolt and Sony, and it happened in the span of a month. I first purchased a RioVolt to find that the volume on it kept fading in and out (on regular store-bought CDs, this is.) It was also a nightmare to operate and chewed batteries faster than anything I've seen. I returned it and tried for a ... Sony car kit CD/MP3 player. When I first had it, I thought things were great. It seemed to work okay and had decent sound, but the thing took forever to load CDs. Also, if I pressed the buttons too fast in mp3 mode, the player would just flip out and say "no disc." This eventually became a problem to the point that it would spin any kind of disc for 5 seconds and stop. Well, that one just went back to the store too.So, I decided to try the RCA player. I had read some terrible reviews elsewhere about this player, so I was leary of it. However, I've been pleasantly surprised. The display (while lacking the backlit feature I wish it had for night viewing) is easy to read, and the player actually supports ID3 tags. (The Sony claimed to support them, but then it didn't work when I burned the disc EXACTLY the way the manual told me.) The manual for this one is a little confusing because they leave out some steps to make sure you push the right buttons, but you can figure it out pretty quickly anyway. Also, this player loads disc VERY quickly compared to the RioVolt and Sony. I haven't had any problems with the player skipping either. Though I have not really had a chance to test battery use, from what I can tell, it'll beat the RioVolt no problem.I had a little trouble getting the car adapter to fit the cigarette lighter in my car, but a little adjusting seemed to fix that. I am disappointed that the player did not come with an AC adapter for home use, so that's why I gave the player 4 stars. But still, for what you pay, it's a good deal for a CD/MP3 player... and so far *crosses fingers* this one's actually working for me.
I backup all of my DVDs onto my hard drive as AVIs. I DVR Television into MPEGs. But I do not want to watch everything in front of my computer. I saw the MediaLounge and thought I would give it a chance... After about 7 minutes of setup, I got the thing working off of my 802.11g wireless network, and streaming media straight to my television. OMG I love this thing...I have head it for about 3 weeks now and enjoy watching my media through it. It plays 99% of the files I own, it looks georgous, and it is far better than swapping DVDs in and out of a player. I read some of the other reviews, and I don't know why they had issues... If you know your way around a computer, this is a no brainer. I have saved all of my TV Series onto my hard drives, and no longer have to search through a rack of DVD cases!
Great product for a low price. Everywhere else was more expensive. I was looking for a power extension and this did it.
I did not realize that I needed a PCI Port card and the web site did not indicate this requirement nor that this card was AGI. My son pointed it out to me after I ordered the card. When I contacted Tiger Direct, they did not know that it needed an AGI slot. They told me to call the Distributor - Diamond, who after a 35 minute wait on hold, said it was not his product (it was). When the card arrived and I confirmed that it was not PCI, I was able to return it and get a full refund. It was a hassle taking the box to be returned. I would have preferred to know about this before I ordered it.
They sound great and the price is unbeatable. Don't pay more than $80 each though. Frys often has them on sale. I wouldn't give them 5* for $179 each but for $69 each they're a bargain. Pair them up with the Polk 10" sub and you've got an excellent setup. Not boomy or muddy like small bookshelf/computer speakers.
I bought a pair of $40 headphones in an airport a couple years ago that have developed a hiss so I thought I would buy a new pair and try these out.- The seal around the ears is bad and turning my head from side to side at all would result in a loss of seal and about a doubling of engine noise.- Sound quality is a little lower than you would expect from even $30 headphones.+ The folding action makes them really compact in a backpack for traveling.Overall I wouldn't recommend them. I don't know what to recommend but I'll be trying another pair. Perhaps a more expensive pair that'll last more than a year and keep a good seal comfortably.
I couldn't find one of these to try in a store, and the description didn't even tell the dimensions on this. It's huge, feels clunky like a toy, and I returned it, lost about $50 in restocking fees and postage in doing so. Bought a Deck keyboard, which is full size but without the number pad and is illuminated. Love at first touch. And they lived happily every after.
My FujiFilm F700 takes great photos, but runs low on battery before you even get to fill up the card. I bought a 650mAh generic equivalent from an Amazon seller and it works great. It is light enough to carry around just like a memory card and it's really easy to change batteries when I need. Product is a little pricey at $40, so buy from an Amazon seller. If you find one cheap this is a must-have for your camera!
I bought this for my husband to use with his laptop, and so far, it's awesome. Worked right out of the box. He was so tired of fooling with the little finger/mouse pad on the laptop, and this is the answer.
Sound is decent but the earpieces are uncomfortable and break quite easily.
I am very disappointed in this Sony. I have had it for exactly one year and the CD Player has died. It was dying a slow death for a couple weeks now - skipping tracks, long start up time (especially MP3s which take a good five minutes to read) and poor sound. It just died today - it can no longer read any type of disk I put into it.For the price it is a joke. You can get a lot better value than this player.It does have MP3 capability, CD, tapes and AM/FM, but for me the most important thing was the CDs and noteably the MP3 function.Shop around. You can certainly do better!
I bought this little diddy for my parents for Christmas. Part of the reason that I chose this one was the ease in using since my parents are not gadget smart. They have taken some really awesome pictures but the main fault that I see is the digital zoom. Once you pass the little red line that indicates the change from optical zoom to the digital zoom, you end up with really grainy pictures. So don't buy this or any camera for the added digital zoom in my opinion. Although I will say that my parents were unable to really notice the grain difference between the optical and digital zoom until I pointed it out. I have borrowed this camera for a vacation and found that if I didn't go into the digital zoom it worked great.I did hand the camera over to a guy to take a picture of my hubby and I and it turned out really grainy. Since I didn't have time to question the man about his technique, I have no idea what happened. It was an indoor picture and over and over I have heard the theme of bad indoor pictures. When using the flash you have to be just perfectly distanced from the subject or you will be under-lit or over-lit. (Dark and grainy or whitewashed and spooky) I have seen a very slight amount of red eye that most people don't really notice when looking at the pictures but that's just me.I love the fact that the Casio doesn't require hours of lessons to start out using it. Otherwise it would have been a horrible camera for my parents. The black and white photos are really incredible too. I grew up with film that was only color and never got accustom to looking at a subject and determining whether the composition would do well in black and white or not. I believe this camera is a great way to experience the best of both color and black and white. In fact I have had some shots in both and the b/w look the best. Since no camera is perfect for everyone I gave this a 4 out of 5 stars, but it is definitely very close to perfect. Add movies to it and I'm sold...again.
These headphones do not have a sound that one would expect. While they are very flat in their response, they also have almost no ability to reproduce the lower bass frequencies and even have a dull high-end. Comfort is decent, and the long cord is very handy. If you need a cheap set of monitoring headphones, these might be for you. However they are very odd looking for "street-wear" and would disappoint most people who want good quality sound for listening.There just isn't a good set of "cans" that have great sound and are cheap. Look at the Sony MDR-V6 and you likely won't be buying another pair again!
There are so many diffrent types of palms out today that you don't know what to get. I consider myself somewhat tech-savvy so i was torn between the Zire 71, Tungsten T, and Sony Clie. In doing my research, the Tungsten's most attractive feature was the keyboard, but let's face it: are you going to be typing long documents via the mini keyboard? For hard core typing, i prefer using my actual desktop computer where i don't have to strain and punch tiny keys with my thumb. And Bluetooth? None of my wireless tools are Bluetooth enabled, and very few on the market are right now unless you seek it out. Finally i chose the zire 71 b/c of the camera. Everyone says that the digital camera on the zire 71 is useless due to its low rez. True in one sense; after all, i have a REAL digital cam for great photography. But you know what? This mini cam actually is a fantastic addition b/c it allows you to take VISUAL MEMOS. This can practically eliminate graffiti (or mini keyboard) when you want to type in the latest cd on your wish list. WHy scribble when you can take a snapshot of it? you don't need major megapixels for that, and it proves to be a very useful tool. I work in a visual/creative environment, so it's indispensible. All around town (and i live in NYC)i take visual memos with my zire (I'll be in the record store and take pix of cds i want, i'll take pix of furniture at Ikea to later look at in the comfort of my home to rearrange furniture, I'll take pix of the latest restaurant review instead of dragging the entire magazine around or tearing out the article, i'll take pix of business cards or store hours or anything that i need to quickly refer to. It makes me increasingly paperless. And when i do need to type actual text (even tho i hate graffiti), I just download Tealscript (it's free) to create my own custom graffiti so I don't have to adhere to Palm's rigid strokes.
I have recently purchased your WAP54G. I did so becuase I have used other products like your 4 port BEFSR41 router/hub and it has worked great. Installation was a problem. I tried to install on a hardwired computer on the network with WinME OS. It didn't detect the access point. But I called and got a rep in less than 2 min and I had WEP installed and turned out the WAP was actually working with no installation at all. I popped the wireless notebook card (WPC54G) into my notebook with WinXP OS and again in less than 5 minutes, it was working. The hardest part of the install of a wireless network using your devices was actually typing in the WEP encryption key. I am very impressed. Total time to install a workign wireless network, less than 10 minutes. Hard to beat that. You won't get 54 MBPS though. Still very very fast. No problem with online games etc..
I have been a long time user (since 2000) of the ergonomic keyboards. I had a great experience with the Natural Elite (2 of them) and one bad experience (the Natural Wireless Pro).Last month, while in KL, Malaysia, saw this keyboard and decided to try my luck as my Natural Elites were getting old.So far so good.The keyboard almost the same as my old ones. Keys feel quite a bit different and their placement is a little off from the Natural Elite...I keep making mistakes that I have never done before while touch typing. The feel is also quite different and requires different pressure. Also the cursor keys are back to normal, but for me normal has been the diamond shape!!!I like the dedicated buttons, and the F lock remembers its setting when you restart. It works well and unobtrusively.All in all its a good product. Will have to get used to its layout a bit, and provided it shows the same sturdy construction of its ancestor, I will get another one for home use.update (Sept 2010). The keyboard has been working fine and can be considered a success. However, despite using two of them for a couple of months now, I still find the key feel a bit off as compared to the original and that causes some occasional mistakes while typing.
If you're like me, you love to take pictures over and over of yourself and your friends till you get that shot juuuuust right. Crazy nightlife antics, perfecto outfits, superb hair & makeup, and let's not forget those studied, careful poses from disaffected to delicious--you want every detail captured. Well, after a trip to Asia and consulting with a bunch of Japanese digicam geeks for the average consumer who is not a professional photog, The Fuji Finepix Z3 turned out to be The One. It's practically tailor-made to people like Us.-PORTRAIT MODE: Softens skintone for beautiful skin. 'Nuff said!-NATURAL LIGHT AND FLASH: Takes TWO pictures at the same time, one in natural light, and one with flash. Both outcomes have varying nuances. You choose which one you like and pick the better one! Great for us indecisive perfectionists.-CONTINUOUS LONG PERIOD MODE: Takes rapid-fire continuous shots of you for as long as you hold the shutter. Look back and choose which ones you want to keep (I swear, at 1/8 of a second my face doesn't do that "thing" versus at 2/8ths). Now i can take a zillion shots of myself and "evaluate the proofs" in one sitting instead of having to check back, delete, and re-shoot over and over.-NIGHT MODE: This model is *renowned* for its nighttime capabilities (over the Casio Exilim, Sony Cybershot, and Canon non-pro models) where you can capture not only the foreground but everything in the background too. Useful for all us creatures of the night and our nocturnal activities. Overexposure is a thing of the past. Cobra Snake, be damned!-ANTI-BLUR BUTTON: This handy button is prominently featured on the back of the camera for easy access (instead of going thru a complicated menu). Just hit it and shoot. When your friends are wildly gyrating about in various stages of debauchery, you wanna be able to capture that action without blur.-PLAYBACK MODE: Show off to your friends by playing back your photos in fade-in, fade-out slideshow fashion. Even does a multiple frame slideshow with up to 3 photos at once on screen.-REFLECTIVE BLUE SURFACE: it ACTS AS A BUILT-IN MIRROR, folks! hold that baby up and check your reflection while you get your self-portrait on for Myspace! Make that kissy face! It's not a real mirror but works well enough, and this is why i bought the Blue version over the Pink or Silver (brushed matte finish, non-reflective). Originally i was looking for a screen that swiveled around so you could see yourself, but those models and brands were hefty and crappy according to my asian digicam jocks. This blue is so pretty, and has an iridescent purple-y sheen to it. Narcissists, you'll love it.-TRIMMING: Crop your photos right on your camera. Eliminate that ugly dude who was standing next to you.-LARGE LCD SCREEN-VERY USER-FRIENDLY (Finepix is known for this, and for good reason)see examples of features and sample shots at:[...]Of course it's got video, voice memo, red-eye reduction, lots of flash options, and a bunch of other typical camera features, but the strength of this cam is that it's great for the average user with enough options to make us self-portraiting peeps happy.One caveat: I bought mine elsewhere, but not all models are Made In Japan. Apparently this Blue one is. The Pink one is Made In China. check the bottom of the camera to be sure.
I bought this TV about 3 months ago from amazon. Everything's great except product registration for warrenty. I live in US and this JVC registration applies only to products distrubuted in Canada by JVC Canada, Inc. I hope my TV will be in still good shape because I use it only in my bedroom, mostly for news and watch DVDs. This TV comes with auto volume adjustment for commercials but most voices for commercials are loder than normal voices in any program, especiall for Koon Tyson corner (I live in DC) and I can't bear that voice, so I have to change the channel during commercials. Otherwise, a great TV for bedrooms if you're not serious about warrenty.
I got this set from my wife as a present, and it replaced an old MS Natural Elite (one of two) that I had been using for a few years.Initially it seemed to work great but then I started to have problems with the mouse's left button. It started to require a hard push rather than a touch to activate, finally stopped working all together (the button).Then the keyboard started to activate the find function in Firefox and inputted random letters WITHOUT my input :( This was a major annoyance when doing work or when typing!I sent it to my local computer shop to have service, and they reported that the printed circuit was not repairable. So I tossed it, and pulled the old Elite back out of storage and my old wireless Logitech mouse, and for the last 6 months have not had any such problems with them.Needless to say I am very disappointed with the quality. However, that did not stop me from being getting another keyboard recently...a MS 4000, wired keyboard.
Printed less than 50 text pages and cartridge error LED on printer started flashing. Had to buy new cartridge, $35 wasted.
This is a TV for the design geeks. It's beautiful, glossy white (not unlike the ipod), clean minimalist design is featured in Wallpaper magazine and is just stunning. I got it for #1) design, #2) name brand/quality, #3) small size. 23" is perfect for my tiny NYC studio apartment.Is it loaded with features? yes, but probably not enough for the uber-technophile. I shopped this tv around to my technogeek friends who ultimately said, "it's a good tv, but only if you use it to mainly watch tv." If you're a gamer or want a bigger screen for the money, then this tv is not for you. The picture is good enough for me; i can tell the difference between HD and non-HD; but for now, even though HD is possible on this tv (you just subscribe and it will adjust to the HD feed), i chose not to have it and the picture's still good. uber-sharp? no, but it's good enough.
I purchased this 708UF due to many good reviews (unbelievable - all gave this 5 stars). I read system requirement and compare different bands and chose this one. I've this less than two weeks and it took 6 hours to copy a DVD. The rate is only 0.01x. I would not expect this to be 8x as advertised but I was expecting at least 4x. I tried different brand of 8x DVD+&- including Sony but the snail speed. I contacted to Plextor tech support and told me to update my USB. I've WinXP with SP2 and the USB2.0 is fully functioned. I tried with different PC but the speed is slower than a snail, 0.01x. I contacted to Microsoft and I've the most recent driver update. This plextor tech support person was unhelpful and unresponsible for their product - contrary to their advertisement. Don't by this product unless you're expert to fix all problems by yourself and you don't need tech support.
I have two of these keyboards (office and home) and they work great. Have been using them since 2001, and never had any issues. Along the way I tried the newer wireless version which was junk. Am now testing a 4000 as a replacement for my work Elite keyboard which is getting ragged. Still prefer the elite!
This is a no brainer for any Nikon user. This is a great cheap lens, virtually free of distortion, very sharp and faster than any zoom lens that you may have. It also forces you to "use your feet to zoom", a technique that we all grew up with before the popularity of standard zoom lenses. Its small and light and can be carried in a pocket very easily. And its cheap!!!On a dSLR it becomes a 75mm lens that is ideal for portraiture. The 1.8 aperture effectively isolates the subject while at the same time allowing the use of a lower ISO.Negatives: the plasticky build, and the older screw drive AF which causes the focusing ring to move. Also the lens does not work (AF) on the newer cheapo cameras. Also its not wide enough for most traveling duties on a DX camera.But for me on my D200 this is a great lens!update (July 2010). This lens has lived up to my expectations. Has been all over the world with me as a low light supplement and suffered lots of hard knocks so that plasticky build is not at all bad. Still going strong. But is now being relegated to the store room as a portrait lens only...have recently added the 35mm 1.8 as my new travel supplement because the 50mm was just too long.
for year 2000 it still takes a great 3MP pic, more than enough for web and 4x6. Color rendition is just too beautiful, but hey, Kodak invented that.I have a few 2000-2002 cameras (Sony, Minolta, Olympus) and this far outshines any of them, and most of the point-shoot garbage sold today. I still love to use it. Got so crazy I have 4 ebay spares (~$10 for a year 2000 $500 camera!) and they still work perfectly after all these years.
It was great for the first 3 months. I use Nero Ultra 6 (not OEM from this product) and is up to date. After 3 months of use, it wrote with errors and cannot use those discs. Nero can varify whatever writing with it. Now, it's just a DVD-ROM, not DVD-RW double layer!
I received a few of the units in which the quick release "removable" ceiling mount was not functional because it was fused to the bracket. I have tried everything to unfuse them, but no luck. It appears that there is not enough clearance between the cylinder of the bracket and the ceiling mount and the coating has fused. On a few units I was able to twist the ceiling mount around about 50 times causing the coating to peel off and then it finally released. Very frustrating because now we will have to take the whole bracket and ceiling plate down to perform maintenance on the ceiling projectors.
I use mine with a Nikon D200. Longest lens is a 70-300VR. Prior to getting this strap I was using the standard Nikon strap, and I can tell you that you will notice the difference!!!Other benefits are that you can detach the main strap and join the camera sides together making it easier to pack, use on a tripod or as a hand strap.A vital accessory for anyone with a heavier camera!
I've used mine for classes, just asked permission from professors. The voice quality is great even from the back rows. Sometimes, I used external mic to boost the voice. When I listened with accompanied ear bud, it's like noise cancellation one, I heard like the professors were talking into my ears! I used SP (standard) mode... just enough for a 3-hours class.The control buttons are not great but acceptable for voice quality and easy to use. You can see how much more memory or battery power left.This recorder costs about an IT or business text book so I'm happy for mine. For my experiences, this is very helpful for evening classes, when I was sleepy and unable to catch up everything. The greatest time was in my philosphy class, the professor talked too much and I needed them for writing assignments. Just be sure to save files in your PC and you'll appreciate them when the professors assigned take home exams;-).I also recommend to use rechargeable AAAs. Happy recording!ps. I don't recommend for bandle, such as with Dragon software. That software needs to be trained with voices (several hours) to transcribe what you recorded. If you're planning to transcribe your lectrues, you'll need your professors' voices to train that softare. How can you get your professors?
I got this as my first digital camera in June 2004. Recomendation was from Ken Rockwell (www.kenrockwell.com). Have been very very satisfied with it and it has produced 1000s of wonderful photographs for me. 4 Megapix is all you need for 95% of the time and it has a larger sensor than most newer compacts, giving cleaner photos.It takes CF cards (interchangeable with my dSLR), 4 AA batteries (easily available anywhere, giving it more flash power & longevity) and fits the hand well. I prefer it to my SD850 because I can also manually adjust everything.Two years ago, the CCD gave out. Canon arranged to replace it free of charge (FANTASTIC SERVICE!!!), thus giving this old camera another lease of life.Its now my vacation/outdoor/rough use camera.
After a very unhappy owner of Sony's Fontopia MDR-EX81LP (falling out all the time), I was looking for a while to get a new in-ear headphone. Whenever I searched, Amazon somehow showed these Fontopia all the time. I can't afford expensive noise cancellation ones and really wanted the one, which can block out outside noise pretty much. I was skeptical at first but I gave a try to this MDR-EX51LP blue, new from Amazon, along with a refurbished MDR-EX71 white about $17. Combination of these two is still cheaper than one piece of Sony Fontopia from local Best Buy and Radio Shack (above $50, never on sales although they're getting dusty). Wow! I am glad I gave a chance to Fontopia. Although I can still hear the cars on the street or noise from the Metro (subway in DC), I can hear my audio books, self-study language lessons, and music from my Toshiba Gigabeat very well. When I was in some shops, I could not hear the cashiers' questions (such as my zip code or whether I want my receipt in the bag) or some people near metro asking for money or survey for Republican/Democrat, etc. Needless to say, I won't notice if somebody on the street is asking for help behind me. Just be careful if you use these at night on the streets (especially in unsafe places).IMO, this blue is prettier than EX71's just plain steel color. Both are very comfortable in my normal female ears. EX51 has 3 different pairs of earpieces and EX71 has four pairs.
I bought this and installed it myself 7 months ago. It worked great until about 3 weeks ago. Then, no reception at all. Even on a perfectly sunny day with an unobstructed view of the sky. Message: Aquiring Signal. Every once in a while you'd get audio for 10 seconds or so, then back to nothing. It may seem like a high speed idea, but didn't work for long. I replaced it with a $29.99 external tuner (InV2). Ran an audio out (1/8") plug from the tuner to the front input jack on my Pioneer deck and it works beautifully. Don't buy this product; google what I've described above, its a major problem with this device. And with whatever tuner you get, don't use the FM modulator on it. The FCC regulates the output power of it, probably something like a 10th of a watt. The sound quality and audio level is terrible. A direct audio in from the tuner to your audio deck is the only way to go. Sirius rocks; a great service with tons of options for listening. Pick the tuner you want, but don't use the PNR2.
This item worked excellent!!!! ...For ONE day.Came in the next morning and I had no power to the hub and nothing would work no matter what i tried. ... It is a piece of junk.
I'm writing this review in response to the apparent debate over Bose quality and the value of their bookshelf speakers. I am NOT referring specifically to the Bose 301V, but rather to comments by other reviewers concerning the "natural" sound these speaker produce and that "they're for people who want their music to sound like music."Twenty-two years ago, my wife--who has ears like a bat--chose a pair of Bose 6.2 bookshelf speakers when we shopped at an audiophile showroom (from among late eighties, early nineties models by JBL, B.A., Polk, and others--all excellent makers. Those 6.2s are sitting behind me in my living room as I type this. For over two decades, our guests have been stunned and thrilled by the vocals, clarity, and presence produced by these moderately-priced Bose speakers. In addition to jazz, blues, rock, New Age, Celtic, and blue grass, I sit in bliss as I enjoy a large library of Classical music through my Bose.IF Bose continues to make products with the same attention to detail and quality craftsmanship that went into these 6.2s, and IF you love your music to sound alive--to reach inside you to stir your soul, my experience suggests that Bose owners are speaking the literal truth when they praise their speakers for having these qualities. In short, the Bose 'sound' might be right for you, and maybe not. I can honestly attest that for two decades I've experienced the same attributes the other reviewers praise, so I suggest you listen to Bose and judge for yourself.
I bought this microscope after reading all the reviews, paying special attention to the fire hazard ones. They indeed have switched the light source over to LED technology and it runs extremely cool at all times so don't let the past 'fire hazard' reviews discourage you.The price is right and the images are of good quality. It is as good as anything I used in college biology. I plan on buying their $40-50 digital imager for it now as my middle aged eyes are tired of squinting through the lens. (smile) I use this for doing fecal smears for my flock of birds and would be excellent for homeschoolers, which we also may be doing in the future.
There are two things about this player, in my opinion, that make it far superior to any iPod out there:1. You don't need any stinkin' cable or dock to charge it or connect it to a computer. It runs a very long time on a regular AAA battery and it has its own USB connector built in. Just plug it into any computer's USB port and voila! Which brings me to the next great thing about this MP3 player...2. There's no need to use proprietary crap software like iTunes! When you plug it into your USB port it automatically creates a new temporary drive letter for you to copy your files to, which is so much simpler and more convenient.Now for the bad part. File copying to this thing is painfully slow. They probably used cheap flash memory to keep the cost down, I'm guessing. So, if you're in a hurry that can be a little annoying. But I'm usually not in a hurry so it's not really a big deal for me. The other little annoyance is the earphones. I don't know if it's just the shape of my inner ear or what but they really start to hurt after a while. So I just bought a new pair of earphones.In conclustion, I definitely think this is the best MP3 player out there and the convenience factor puts iPod to shame. Go get one.
had this for years and it has lasted great! some wear but still works great and handle and everything still in tact.
At this price I wasn't really expecting to get a really high quality tool but I was pleasantly surprised. This thing gives a crystal clear picture of anything you want to look at up close. I used it to clearly read the microprint on a $20 bill and my driver license and discovered that the RGB subpixels on my Samsung LCD TV have an interesting zigzag pattern on them, among other things. I think the LED must have some ultraviolet output as everything seems to have bright white fluorescing specks on it.I also like the size of it; it's smaller than I expected. It really is a pocket microscope. One drawback to the small size is that it doesn't use AAA batteries, like the description mistakenly claims. It uses the less common and more expensive small button-type batteries. The box claims it uses SG3 (#392) batteries but the instruction sheet says SG7 (#392) whereas the included batteries have SR41 printed on them... so there seems to be a lot of confusion about the battery type. I haven't used it very much yet so I can't comment on battery life but the LED seems very bright so I wouldn't be surprised if it drains the little things pretty quickly.The zoom and focus knobs are nice and tight to prevent unintentional slippage but not so tight that they're difficult to turn. Overall, I'm very pleased with this item and would definitely recommend it.
First of all it is a fan, it blows air....period. It is a bit noisy, but it moves a lot of air, that said I am very satisfied. Hint, as stated in an earlier review use the molex connector, it will spin at the full 2850 rpm +or-.My purchase was referred to The Price Pros, as Amazon was out of stock. With the fan cost and shipping factored in it was still less expensive than the one Amazon had for sale. It included ground shipping....I received it OVERNIGHT. Kudos to FedEx as well and The Price Pros for using them instead of ups. In summary, your purchase would not be a mistake.
Overpriced and dries up too fast.....I used the option of color printing 3 times in 3 months, 4th attempt within 3 month period found all but blue dried up. Not Amazon's fault, but just poor design....
I have read the reviews for this product, and I have been horrified by how nit-picking and petty some of them are. One star simply because it does not play a Sony disc? Just how many of those does the buyer have in proportion to discs from other manufacturers? And one star simply because it does not do every single thing you demand of it? Isn't that more than a little extreme?Perhaps I betray the fact that I'm not an electronics expert, since I am not familiar with all the electronic terms I found in the other user comments, but what I expect the DVD player to do - specifically to play DVD's - it does pretty well, and in the three years since I bought it, it has worked fine. The parental control has never malfunctioned. And it plays VHS tapes just as well.Those who complain about some DVD's not playing on this machine after a while should perhaps ask yourselves, "How well do I treat my discs?" If you leave them lying around, if you don't put them back in the case, if you spill something on them - OF COURSE they will not play well! But if you treat them like precious gold, they will work.Some discs, I admit, have not loaded up when I wanted them to (that is, the menu didn't come up). I discovered a solution, however. Without taking the DVD out, I inserted a videocassette into the VHS slot, switched over to video, and pressed "Play" on the remote control (there's nothing wrong with that item either, BTW). The videocassette then began playing, so I switched the control back to DVD mode. Lo and behold, the menu on the DVD had loaded up, and the DVD began working beautifully.Update: (Jan. 9, 2007): I have read the two most recent reviews of this player, and I can safely say that while some of my DVD's have frozen up during play, I have managed to overcome that, and I *certainly* have not had the problems outlined by the last two reviewers. My guess is that they either bought a model in used or poor condition, or they did not read the instruction book. The instruction book clearly states, on the third page, why the player might occasionally not function, and gives tips on overcoming that.
I actually get very surprised when Sony comes out with a new "Psyc" cd player design every year because of the improvements that Sony makes. This year, the design is more thinner and is more of a circle shape with the buttons on top of the cd player rather than on the side. The best part is the new addition of the attached remote control so you can change the tracks while it's in your pocket.This new design is great and I have not had any problems with it at all. This year I think Sony made the "Psyc" cd player pocket friendly so that you wouldn't have to hold it in your hand because the cd does not skip while it's playing in your pocket. One more thing to mention, it's a very good price for an excellent cd player!
After my name-brand cd player broke down after just six months of use, I decided that it would probably be best to look for something cheaper so I wouldn't feel bad if it broke down after six months.I bought this Citizen cd player after I noticed its very low price and many features.Pros:*It has a radio in it (with presets). Whenever you're not feeling any of your cds you can always rely on the radio.*Bass Boost switch. It's always good to have more bass.*AC Adaptor & built-in charger. If you're out of batteries you get an AC Adaptor which I think is awesome. The built-in charger is for your rechargeable batteries which I think is also awesome.Cons:*This thing eats up batteries. I suggest you get some rechargeable batteries or use the AC adaptor when you can.*The headphones that come with this cd player aren't top-notch. I suggest you get some better ones with this cd player.*It's kinda big and heavy compared to the other cd players in the market. But I guess it's because of the radio.Overall, I wouldn't turn this cd player down because of the cons. Even if it might last six months, I think it's worth it if you can find it anywhere brand new for under 13 dollars.
I am happy that I do not have to search high and low for a replacement charger. My dog often eats the cord on my chargers. This is the nintendo brand one which is nice. It is only good for the lite. That is kind of sad. At least though there is no pieces to loose. It folds up flat for easy storage. I never worry about the prongs getting damaged.
Before you buy these listen to comparable product from Logitech, Klipsch, Altec Lansing and Cambridge Soundworks to name four. If this Bose product was priced around 100 bucks I would be a little more forgiving. It isn't though and the sound quality is shockingly bad. No highs, no lows (must be Bose!), not even a reasonably accurate midrange. Shame on the Bose corporation for marketing yet another overpriced, under performing product. I would encourage anyone in the market for a good pair of desktop speakers to listen to the brands I list at the top of this review. The quality of desktop speakers has risen to a very high level in the last couple of years. Amazingly, the Bose corporation's arrogance has once again produced yet another embarrasing product.
This is an amazing little system. It's price has dropped considerably. At about 250, it's a good buy. Definitely not a boom box. The speakers are very smooth and mature sounding. Very solid cabinets and subjectively very well made. Comparable to a pair of Paradigm Atoms, a benchmark two way speaker, price considered but with a better fit and finish. The receiver has a nice heft to it which likely reflects quality amplifier components. The tuner is good with a coax output for an antenae. The cd player works as advertised but the lack of mp3 support is a little disappointing. It really should have a dvd drive with either DVD audio, SACD or playback capabilty for both if only to offer a little bit of future proofing. This system could easily replace a lot of larger systems with no reduction in quality of sound. Add a sub (Paradigm PDR-8/PDR-10, HSU STF1...) and you have a world class (cd only!)system that won't disappoint. Yamaha receivers are typically very long lived. This should last for many years.
The antenna that accompanied my Sirius ST2 Starmate Plug and Play worked fine in the car but died a death when I tried to get a signal through my home or office window, so I bought the Sir6 in the hopes that I could continue listening to Stern at work.The Sir6 is perfect at home; I set it in the front window and get a solid 2 out of 3 bars of signal as opposed to the "acquiring signal" notification that the other one gave me. Once I mount it outside I don't anticipate ever losing signal.In the office, though, it sputters and dies just like the other. My window is facing the wrong direction (in my part of the country they recommend pointing it east or northeast and my window faces west), and I've read things online about the signal-killing properties of steel-framed office buildings, but I'd hoped the Sir6 would overcome. Sadly, no.It's definitely head-and-shoulders above the stock antennas, though, and I have no trouble recommending it. I can't give it the full five stars, though, because I was hoping for a miracle.
but only in comparison to it's predecessor, the Z680's, also from Logitech. I have the 2.1 version of the 680's and have listened on many occasions to a friend's Z680's. The Z680's sound slightly fuller in the midrange. The 5500's sound a little dry in comparison. The difference isn't dramatic and certainly wouldn't be a something that should deter anyone from buying the 5500's. Especially considering Amazon's price which is dramatically lower than what you'll find in retail outlets. CompUSA and Fry's both get 399 for the 5500's. Nice work Amazon. The 5500's are very clean and are capable of very high output. I wouldn't hestitate to use these in a living room in a hometheater application. The output from the satellites and sub is astounding even in comparison to much more expensive and dedicated hometheater systems. The inputs on the control module will accomodate just about everyone. Toslink (optical), coax and analog connections. I have two computers connected. One via toslink and the other analog. Included is a wireless remote control. In short, I'm very satisfied with the 5500's but given the chance to buy again, I'd have to go with the Z680's even if this meant buying them used or refurbished. If you want best in class multichannel sound, the 680's and 5500's are the way to go.
I hardly ever use it but I have to make sure it works well.Part of my disaster kit & inexpensive piece of mind.
Update: this is not a paid review. Belkin has been paying people to write reviews. This is not one of them. I'm almost tempted to delete this review after Belkin admitted to paying people to post 5 star reviews.Anyone familiar with the audio/video cable industry knows the hype, inflated cost and probably unethical marketing involved. It doesn't help that a lot of people truly believe they can hear the difference between one cable and the next. Generally speaking, as long as a cable (speaker, coax, dvi, toslink and so on) is manufactured to a spec, there is virtually no difference in performance between the gussied up product from the higher end manufacturers and the lesser known players. Which brings me to this cable. This cable feels very sturdy had has high quality 'turbo' style connectors. I have it connected from a pc to a digital amp. Even in an electrically noisy environment such as I have it, it performs flawlessly. No noise, no break up, dead reliable. If you need a coax to connect audio components, you can't go wrong with this one. And the price is absolutely unbeatable compared to what you'll find in the brick and mortar stores. Nice work Belkin.
I picked up one of these at my local supermarket (it was absolutely irresistable)along with some loose leaf Jasmine tea - Wow! It has definite health benefits - after drinking a couple of teapots full over a couple of days - I felt a lot healthier - maybe it's the anti-oxidants in the tea... here's a link to the actual tea: The Tao Of Tea Hand Crafted Green Tea Jasmine Pearls Mou Li Hua Cha, 4-Ounce Tin (Pack of 2)TIP: The instructions say DO NOT pour boiling hot water onto the tea because it "burns" the tea and makes it bitter. It says you should wait about 2 minutes, for it to cool very slightly THEN pour it.I tried this and YES! there is a HUGE taste difference when you pour boiling water - the tea does taste bitter... amazing eh?This tea pot is very beautiful and HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
Ok, the constant bickering between Ipod fans and Zune fans is starting to get annoying. These reveiws are meant for people that actually own the product, not fanboys who are bored and fell powerful by lowering a products rating. Now that thats out of the way, on to the reveiw.The Ipod 5.5 generation is a very good product. I bought one for myself afer researching mp3 players for a while. From what I researched, the Ipod seemed to be the device for me. My initial feeling was to buy the Zune, which seems to be a great device as well. My choice was made however by the fact that Ipods have Itunes. This program sets the Ipod apart from all the other mp3 players on the market as of this moment. The Zune's marketplace eventually I think be up to par with Itunes, but for the moment Itunes is dominant. THe interface is so easy to use and has just so much media, there really isn't much of a flaw.As for the device itself, it works very well. The click wheel mad famous by the Ipod is great for navigating the device and the other buttons work seemlessly as well. The resoultion of the screen is amazing, it's better than my t.v at home! Although it is a bit on the small side, it gets the job done. If you really want to buy a video player though wait for the 6th generation Ipod.(Rumor says it will have a a single ginat screen with all the buttons on it.)I have checked out Zunes as well and they work just as well as the Ipod. I would actually recommend a Zune if you wanted to watch videos dominantly(because if the larger screen.)The Ipod looks stylish although it is prone to fingerprnts and scratches.(Just buy a case those of you who whine about the issue, they are cheap!) I personally like the Zunes look a little better, but looks are not a very crucial buying point for me.In all this is a great mp3 player. The Zune works easily just as well and looks great. I dominantly listen to music, for I am a musician, and this device met my needs better than I could have imagined. The videos are a great feature and a crisp and great to watch. I bought this player instead of the Zune and Zen G because of Itunes and how easy and great it is to use. Untill the MS marketplace is updated to supporting videos and more media, I would buy a 5.5 generation Ipod.
What a great product, finally I have coverage over the rest of the house with 100% signal. I using a WRT54G Linksys Wireless Router in the den as my base unit. The signal just was reaching the other end of the house even with the high gain Antenna's I added. I read the other reviews and skip the CD setup in the box. First I signed into and disabled the Security on the 54G. Then I plugged in the expander, held down the button till the lights went blue and then signed into the expander 192.168.1.240 and setup the security to match the base unit and saved it. Then I went back to 54G and turn on secruity again and everything worked like a champ! Not sure why Linksys didn't write it up that simple, guess it may vary based on your configuration. Now my wife and I can go anywhere in the house and the patio with a strong signal.
Well, as with so many people out there, I enjoyed the TV for 23 months, and then a very loud "pop" noise. Sound still works, picture is gone. Didn't get the extended warranty, because I've never had a TV last less than 5-10 years.I'll be bugging Zenith to see what they will do for me, but it seems like this TV has some major manufacturing problems.
I ordered the Case Logic Compact case for the Seagate 1.5TB portable drive. It just fits the case without much room to spare. That's OK and there is room on the other side for the eSATA cable I ordered and USB cable that came on the drive. You can't put the drive in the case with a cable attached. The case is firm and I was use to a soft case from my WD drive, but I think that if drop it the firmer case would do a better job protecting the drive. Overall I'm happy with the case for the price I paid. It seems well made and should hold up to years of use.
this ipod is bootlegg rly. its just too small. i like the ipod mini (i have in blue) and the regular plus photo iPods. this one is stupid. it only holds 10000 songs and for $250.... you can get a better ipod mini for $185 or 3000 songs for $250. i think its better to get the other versions of iPods.
Wanted a bubble level and the Manfrotto 337 seemed like a good one. So far the level has worked well. I have Canon 5d Mk2, level fits OK, but is not very tight. It has not come off,but seems like a couple of good bumps if you were holding the camera lens up and it could fall off. Only time will tell. It has helped me to level the camera even when hand holding using livemode, so I'm happy.
When I ran out of digital inputs to my preamp, thought I would give this item a try - using it in reverse as a passive switch, instead of a splitter (probably only mirrors for transmission?). Connected three short (18 inch) toslink cables and hooked up a CD player and HD DVD player (both emit no laser signal when turned off, unlike the set-top box, which always emits a signal, even when in off/standby ). Can't say that all versions of this type of splitter will work in reverse (or work at all - see other reviews) but this one works fine, with almost no loss of detail versus a single toslink connection. Easily worth doing the experiment at a total cost of $6.00, and now I don't have to buy a $50.00 active switch, have to remember to change it, and waste an outlet and electricity.
I have purchased numerous DVD players throughout the years and the Sony Blu Ray player is by far the best out there. It gives me the most clear HD picture far surpassing the old SD DVD players. It automatically determines what sort of DVD you have put into the machine, 480P and up and then plays it at the highest resolution available up to 1080P!! The Movie Studios are backing this machine and not the HD DVD players, and they have certainly made the right choice.
I bought this to build an amp. It comes as pictured and includes mounting bracket and bolt.
Right. First off, i bought this thing, figuring it would work with my G5 iMac.I was wrong. Or logitech was shamefully lacking in their info for Mac users.It SAYS it can work with a Mac, but all I got was the headphones to work.I had to run out, and pick up this Egg looking thing, called iVoice2. It plugsinto your USB slot, and allows you to use ANY PC mic/headset with yourmac. It is $35-$50 (depending on where you buy it).But, on plus side, after you buy the iVoice2 from Macally, you can use ANYPC headset with mic you want. :)Now, on with the headset. This headset is a bit uncomfortable. I like thebehind the ears headsets, but this one is made for big heads, or Large hair.It has the advantage of not being able to fall off, but it feels loose.The mic is great. It doesn't reach your mouth. It stops about 2/3rds of the way,but it does pick up some nice clear sound. I use it for recording voices foranimation and small games I make.You DO need to turn up the GAIN in your computer, but after that, it's GOLD.The sound is clear,rich, and not Hissy. i prefer the mic to be closer to the mouth,because you have to speak up, to get nice levels. If you whisper, you will getrecorded, but you will have to amplify it later in post, and my get some hiss.All and all, a good product. At the price, you can't do much better.The long cord is also a plus, when you have people reading from a script, anddon't want them hunched over a table to speak into a desk mic.Another cool feature, is that the shields on the sides come off, and it comes with4 colors to place there (black, red, blue, orange), So you know which is yours.A better mic is the Plantronics DSP-100. It's USB, and has only one head phone,but it sound beautiful. It also costs $45.
This is going to be a simple review because the product simply worked exactly as I hoped it would. The sound is crisp and I have not had any problems with interference even taking into consideration that I live in New York City and every single station frequency is basically taken.I assume that the performance is better than others that I have seen/heard because it benefits by plugging into the cigarettle adapter. The stronger power must help it overwhelm the radio signals in the area. My brother uses the iPod iTrip configuration and he is constantly changing stations to enhance performance. Though the iRiver has 3 programmable stations, I have not had to use any but the first one to great success.One more thing...people have complained about the auto off resulting in loud static when it kicks in; try this instead: use a station that comes on just somewhat poorly and the iRiver can still overwhelm its signal. However, when the auto-off feature kicks in, you don't get static; rather, you just get a pretty weak signal station. Food for thought.I am completely psyched with this product and only wish that I had purchased it sooner.FIVE out of FIVE stars. You can't go wrong with this product.
I had some old Buddy Holly records I wanted to convert to digital format, and this turntable does the trick. The software is freeware, but you can always spend money to buy a more sophisticated software solution. But the turntable works great, connects with a USB cable, and is pretty intuitive.Now I wish I hadn't gotten rid of most of my old LP's!!I tried it with a Mac and Windows, works great on both.The only complaint I have is that it doesn't have a dust cover.What were they thinking?!
Got it as a gift on the 1st of Jan, broke down on the 7th after spending a total of 4 hrs on the unit. Retuned the product, and was simply told to expect this.
I purchased this toner for my Brother MFC-8860DN and it is supposed to print about 7000 pages. That's a joke. I got perhaps 4500, then got the message during a large print job: OUT OF TONER and the printer just stopped. Luckily, i saw the comments here from another customer who pointed out that a little tape over the round window on the right side of the toner cartridge will let you use the rest of the toner without being scammed by Brother. I tried it and it worked perfectly!That is really the main complaint I have about this product. It works fine, but it is a scam. I will buy a generic toner cartridge available on Amazon this time and will see how that works.
This is one of those mice that has awesome potential but it doesn't quite live up to it. Firstly the good points:Pros:1) Fit is nice and ultra comfortable, perhaps the most comfortable.2) No need for batteries.3) Performance is excellent for the cursor, perhaps the best out there.4) Great wireless range.Cons:1) Drastically short battery life.2) No forward button.3) Buggy software.4) Wireless is unreliable.5) Compatability issues with other products.I must admit I was very taken by this mouse. When this thing works it is simply the best thing out there, but over time its problems really begin to surface. I bought it for gaming and for use with Adobe Photoshop and it that fashion it works wonderfully. Admittedly I find very little difference in how it functions within games than any of the MS Intellimouse designs that are available but this may be that my system is actually pretty good, so on a subpar machine you may find a performance improvement. The first problems that I noticed where with the software. The mouse didn't work with Firefox with the default drivers but this is fixed by downloading the updates from Logitech, so don't even bother with the install CD. After this update all seems well however once again over time little problems show themselves. The software doesn't always want to work with your existing hardware and after trying to figure out what was causing the issues by removing all of the keyboards and joysticks (the mouse repeatedly trying to open the address bar in IE) I decided to go without the logitech software and just use Windows default mouse settings. This solved most of its little idiosyncracies except for its occasional slowdowns on startup and a number of other little nigglies. So far the problems are all just little annoying things that I can live with, but after awhile I got annoyed at having to change the blasted battery all of the time and then the wireless lag hit. Many people have this problem and it causes the mouse cursor to hang for 5-10 seconds or so. In the end I decided that while this mouse is brilliant at times, it is too mercurial to be of use for me. I have abandonded it in favour of the MS Wireless Laser Mouse 6000 which works reliably and offers similar cursor accuracy for games and for Photoshop. If you are the sort of person who could tolerate its mercurial nature then this is a winner, if not, then there are better options instead of wondering two or three months down the track why you spent so much on an irritating mouse.
I am a longtime Mac owner who has used Windows for years at work. Since December I've been using a Thinkpad R52 for my consulting gig. The R52 is a beast of a laptop and mine has 2GB of RAM, yet apps were always hanging and crashing for no apparent reason. I continually felt like I was trying to run in a vat of molasses. Last week I finally hit my limit and decided to replace my iMac G5 with a Mac laptop that I'd use for both personal stuff and work. Yes, this meant that I would be spending my own money on a work laptop when I could use a Windows PC for free, but I no longer cared.When I received the machine, I started putting it through its paces and was somewhat nonplussed. I was used to the 20" iMac with its huge screen, and the high resolution and relatively large screen size of the R52. The display felt somewhat limiting. However, the more I used it, the more I noticed how darned fast it is and how quickly I was getting things done in OS X and universal apps (save for the Mac version of Lotus Notes, which is a dog even on this machine). Now I don't even miss the real estate at the bottom of the screen.In short -- and I know this sounds goofy -- the more I use it, the more giddy I get. Not only is it faster and more reliable than the computer I was using, it is also considerably lighter. For someone who travels more than 75% of the time, that is a huge deal.This computer has already exceeded my expectations and there is much more that I plan to do with it. MacBook Pro, $1999. Sanity -- priceless!5/15/07 update: The shoulder strap on my laptop bag came loose today while I was pulling my laptop off the floor of my car. It landed on the ground with a sickening "thud," and sure enough, when I took my laptop out of the bag, there was a big dent in one corner. The frame near the charging port is bent, and the case won't shut properly. It only fell a couple of feet, and no way should there be this much damage from one little mishap. I'm really sad that I'm stuck with this damaged case until my next upgrade. I can't imagine how this case would hold up to constant travel either. I have to lower my review to three stars.
Any Tivo is a huge improvement over regular television.This unit can easily be upgraded for more capacity. I added an additional 80 gig drive without a hitch.Pausing live television is great. I haven't used my VCR in over a year. Tapes are a joke in comparison.Easy onscreen menus guide the set up of recording preferences.The Season Pass feature will record every episode for you!
I just bought this item and had some friends over the other night. It was chilly outside and so we started a fire. This thing works great! I like it because it is deep and it holds pretty large pieces of wood. It looks nice, and seems to be well-made, although the ring on the outside was a little off.I will probably use this a lot, and I hope it lasts a long time. The poker that came with it is strong and very handy!
i received this product as a recommendation from a friend. it is terrible - the cases won't snap onto the headphones, and so are useless. avoid at all costs.
Influenced by the good reviews at that time I bought the speaker set in August of 2006, type tag says: Made in China. The warranty expired in 2007.My acoutic impression has been that the subwoofer produces too muchsoft bass.Since a couple of days the right channel is continously sizzling. It is impossible to listen without getting crazy after some time. I know from previous experience with TDK 2.1 speakers that this is caused by bad capacitors in the amplifier. I contacted Logitech Customer Support. They told me that there is neither a repair facility in the whole USA nor any broken part can be replaced even if I would decide to replace the amplifier myself. That means that anything produced by Logitech that shows any technical problems after the manufacturer's warranty has expired is considered trash and only can be thrown into the waste bin. This is the end of my Logitech confidence trail!
I use this drive with Macintosh OS 9.2.2 and Roxio Toast. For Macintosh drive compatibility issues go to the big database at xlr8yourmac.com.This drive works great for me. Reliably burns at 32x with every blank I've tried.
This is not a product review, as my unit is on order. However, I want to caution people to be aware of the reseller's ability to offer warranty support. This is especially important for electronics.Be sure to check that the vendor you select is an authorized Pioneer retailer. Check out: http://www.pioneerelectronics.com/pna/article/top/0,,2076_86556318,00.html for the list of authorized internet resellers. If they are not on the list, you have no warrany. Period.One of the above resellers is not on the list (as of 13-Nov-05).
mitch was mitch, cruise is cruise. this movie is pretty good, must have and must see. base on the book by John Grishan
I have been on a quest for the best GPS traveling solution for about 3 years. I've had a Navman for Palm, A Navman E, an iFinder, a Garmin Venture, a couple Bruntons, I even bought Lowrance's waste of money mapping package. I finally dropped big bucks on this iQue and I must say it is a great interface. Yes, the battery life stinks,but that's life for a Palm based GPS. It isn't made for camping.I mounted mine with a ProClip right over my left-center AC vent, using a Seidio unit. The Seidio works but it's quality is lacking and the audio is worthless. Garmin, if you're listening, make hard mount model of your suction cup cradle, complete with built-in audio and hard wire option. Please?!My unit sits just beyond where my right hand is on the wheel. It's at the perfect angle in my Toyota 4-Runner and it is able to get a quick 3D lock in about 20 secs in this position. I even bought some fingertip styli for this. Between my GPS, cell phone in car kit and iPod rig, it's starting to look rather eccentric.Now for the nitty. I recently traveled to the Adirondacks for 4 days and the Boston/Providence area for 8. Worked fine in the Adirondacks but just how many roads does it have to configure up there? Boston was a much bigger challenge and for the most part, it came up short. Still, I am keeping it and enjoying using it. On several occasions, it could not smoothly work me through the city. It tried to take me the wrong way down one way streets and seemed to ignore using highways when they were clearly the best way. One time, I was sitting in the lobby turnaround of my hotel and it was still telling me to go .3 miles South to destination.In the end, these things are only as good as the mapping software. Since these are married to the Garmin Mapsource series of software, which are somewhat lacking, they have their limitations. They cannot think for you, in terms of logically the BEST route, only doing rough point to point, sometimes using some real convoluted ways. Therefore, don't expect this to be the end all trip planner to get you there in the most efficient and accurate way possible. But if you peruse the maps ahead of time, know your main connectors and have a decent sense of direction, this is a fantastic help.I used it for about 15 routings during the 8 days. I would say it was 11 for 15. Not bad, but not great. One time it got confusd and had my location in the middle of the Pacific and said drive East 5,342 miles. Very funny.My faves?Automatic night mode,shopping/dining/gas/attactions/etc. look-up. Excellent way to vacation on the fly. Need gas? No problem, nearest place routed. Hungry? Same. Shopping? excellent. It worked almost flawlessly in this regard. However, again you have to use your brain, especially in a bigger city.Finally, automatically recalculates a route if you go off. I did this purposely several times becasue I knew I was going the best way and it finally adjusts to the idea after a few.Upcoming streets show as you drive.Lacking?Software is inaccurate at times.Speaker not quite load enough.Some turn instructions are inconsistent in their terms (bear left, versus turn left, or bear left instead of take ramp left) and occasionally incorrect. Part of this is that at speed, the GPS has a hard time coordinating instructions with turns in a close quarter area such as interchanges, etc. Again, knowing the main routes at this very moment will be a great help because if you're going to have an accident using one of these, this will be where.Garmin left out some of the attractions and other category info to try an get you to buy another package. LAME.It gives you the option of AVOIDING highways during routing, but doesn't give you the option to PREFER highways. This would have saved me some definite arguments with my map wielding, unbelieving, cynical wife. I'm a vector and direction (NWSE) driver and she's a map and direction (gas attendant) driver. In the end, she became a believer and that's the best accolade I can give this thing.5 stars for design and execution of the technology, 3 styars for the Mapsource ends up at 4. Enjoy! I am.
So you thought Macs were still those computers that Apple produced where you would never be able to send files that your friend on a PC could open. Well, welcome to the new world of Macs, in this case the iMac. This piece of technology is the sleekest and cutest personal computer around, in my opinion, and the value for money is just great. Whilst other PC's claim to be cheap, they quickly become costlier than the iMac when you compare the processing power, harddrive and RAM. And why would you want an ugly, humungous thing in your living room, when you can have a computer that has a personality?The trouble with entering a Mac store is not that it looks light and airy and full of designer fun, but that it's difficult to exit the store. It's almost equally difficult to choose which model to buy, once you're finally convinced that Apple's are no longer so different that they're incompatible with the rest of the world. The store is full of fun models and choices, ranging from the budget to the massively expensive. In terms of buying a perfectly servable computer that has all the bells and whistles you need, is affordable and has a little bit of a personality, the iMac is the way to go.I love this computer. It has a 15 inch flat screen, that conveniently tilts in any direction you want it to, and comes attached to a small base which contains all your hardware (yes! no more huge lumps of iron under your desk that you knock your knees against). It even contains a DVD/CD-RW drive - and if you want to go for a DVD writer, you just go up one model. In truth, this computer does everything I've ever wanted from a computer and more. I've never been one to get sucked into technology, but the iMac has adorable features, like iTUNES (I've completely stopped buying music on CD's and even bought an iPOD to replace my minidisk), iMOVIE (for editing film clips you made of your new puppy), and other fun programs.If you are smart, you will by the mac.com package that costs only $70. This deal has given me more free software than I care to recall, and provides me with online support (not that I need it often in this user friendly environment), my own webpage and much more. For traditionalists, you can buy the Windows for Mac package, which has all the software you know and understand, such as Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Entourage (equivalent to Outlook). The advantage of this is that you can open the same files as everyone else, and send them the files as they are, without having to convert them first. This was a huge selling point for me on the new operation system OS X.So what, if it takes you 10 minutes to figure out the little oddities that you're not used to, like clicking on the top left instead of the top right to minimize a window, or holding the control key in order to left click. All in all, the iMac software is MUCH easier to navigate than Windows once you spend 10 minutes on the Mac.If you're fed up with the Bill Gates monopoly and the viruses Windows seems prone to, and wish for a little bit of umph in your life, the iMac is for you. I wish I could convert the whole world, but then ... the iMac wouldn't be special anymore.
Where is the FM tuner? Microphone? Tivo like buffered FM radio? How about a replaceable battery?For this price I'd expect a full feature set.
700RC2 head is flawed.The head clamps onto a quick release plate mounted on the bottom of your camera. The plate is nice and makes a secure connection to the camera without tools/coins.Unfortunately the head's clamping lever cannot fully rotate when your camera is on the head. Only very thin camcorders will work with this plate/head design. My Beachtech box impedes the lever.
I tried this out for a day and am going to return it. When you can balance it in the exact right position on your dashboard so that it is as close as possible to your car's antenna, you can get poor quality music... for a few seconds. Then you go around a corner, hit a bump, or even just roll forward a few inches, and all you get is static.I tried this in my car and on my home stereo. I tried it sitting in my driveway, moving the TuneCast all over the place, and also driving around. I tried lots of different frequencies, different volumes, holding the TuneCast or setting it down... the only thing I didn't try was a tin foil hat for it, but somehow I don't think it would have helped. The sound is at best inconsistent, never good.I can't believe people pay anything for sound this bad. I'd honestly rather have silence in my car than try to listen to the noises my radio produces when I turn this thing on.
Between my TV, cable box, DVD player, receiver, Apple notebook, and Xbox console I have a small pile of remotes I keep around for the rare occasion I need to use one for a special functions of a particular device. My cable remote has universal remote functionality but in a limited capacity. I needed something better, but the thought of tapping in obscure codes for each device into a standard universal remote really turned me off. Then I discovered the Harmony Remote line of remotes.The idea seemed great. A database of remotes is kept online at Logitech. All you need to do is tell the included software what devices have and the rest is auto-magic. I was able to tell the software what devices I own, including a TV model which has been on the market for less than four months and it all just worked.While the basic configuration is probably enough for most people I am the type who needs everything to be perfect. So, after everything was working properly I spent a lot of time refining the settings to my liking. This involved juggling devices and activities, tweaking timings, and configuring the buttons on the display. It took huge chuck of time and it is still a work in progress. The cool part is all the settings are stored on Logitech's servers, so I can tweak my settings from any computer (even work!) and just upload the changes to the device when I am ready. Pretty geeky, but very cool.The design on the remote itself is nice. It has a slick, cell phone like feel to it. My only complaints are: The channel buttons are too small making them hard to tap blind. The hard-click arrow, volume, and channel buttons lack the rubbery tactile feedback as the rest of the buttons have making them seem out of place on the device. I would have also liked to have had a more prominent play button. It's the same size as every other "VCR" button making it difficult to isolate in the dark.Harmony Remotes are activity based, not device based like other universal remotes. This means you need to stop thinking of your AV equipment as single devices but as collections of devices used in activities such as "Watch TV" or "Play a Game". This is great for technophobes because they need to just tap one button to turn on the TV, DVD player, and set all the line inputs accordingly. It can be frustrating when the sequence of events of turning on the devices fails because an obstacle was in the way (like the coffee table) leaving some devices off or not set to the correct input. There's a help button to fix these sorts of issues but it's frustrating for anyone who does not need everything over-simplified.Overall it's a great remote, the proof being all of my individual remotes are currently locked up in a drawer hopefully never to be used again. There are a few nuances that keep this remote from earning a perfect five stars from me, but for the price it really beats any other solution out there.
I've had these for several years (4? 6? not sure). I wear them at work, most of the day, almost every weekday. They're very comfortable--it never bothers me to wear them all day. They completely contain the sound they produce, so I can jack up the volume to a point where it drowns my coworkers out and nobody around me is disturbed. They block out some ambient noise even when nothing is playing, so I actually don't have to turn my music up too loud to block things out. The sound quality is pretty good, very good when you consider the price.They are starting to show a little wear now, on the pads around the ears. If they were available on Amazon (they're not as of this writing), I'd buy another pair in a heartbeat. I'd definitely recommend them to anybody.
After a mere 3 days, I am disappointed. I had a $20 pair of Aiwa HP-X222 headphones that died after 7 years. They were cheap and unexpectedly great. When they died, I thought I'd try something from a stronger name brand, like Sennheiser.The sound quality is about the same as my old Aiwas. It's definitely good. I have no complaints in that area. I also like the nice long cord.But there are a couple of things I really don't like. Note that these are supra-aural rather than circum-aural, meaning they sit on your ears rather than around them. My old headphones were circum-aural and I did not realize how much less comfortable the Sennheisers would be. They press my ears against my head, which is uncomfortable anyway, but it's made worse by the fact that I wear glasses, which are now pinched between my ears and my head. I'm hoping that after a few more days I'll get used to the feel and it won't be so uncomfortable, but I'm not optimistic.My other complaint is the noise-blocking. I was expecting these to block out a lot more noise than they do. They're not bad, just not as good as my old ones. When I'm playing music at a reasonable volume, I can still hear people talking near me, which was not the case with my old headphones. This is particularly disappointing since I bought these based on Sennheiser's claim that they provide "brilliant shielding of ambient noise."I read reviews for a lot of Sennheiser headphones. It seems like overall people love them. Maybe the problem is just that these are the entry-level Sennheisers. I bet the expensive ones are really nice. I also bet that you can get non-Sennheiser headphones for half the price that have similar sound quality but are more comfortable and block more background noise. So even though this is a decent pair of headphones for some uses, I wouldn't recommend them if you want to escape from your coworkers' noises for long periods.
I'm here looking for a replacement for this JUNK.The PROBLEM:Automatically switches back to machine "A" just as mouse is recognized on machine "B".Example:Machine "A" is working fine video, keyboard, mouse all online perfect.Push button once.Machine "B" video appears instantly, mouse starts to move cursor after 6 seconds, BAM Belkin switches back to Machine "A" after 8 seconds. Machine "B" is not asleep. Everything is securely plugged.Don't buy it, you'll be sorry. FWIW this was with two Mini Macs.
POOR RECEPTIONI've never owned a radio with reception this poor.I'm using Radio Shark on Mac Mini with version 2 beta software. I live in a major market with dozens of radio stations. Only one comes in clearly. I've tried plugging many cords into antenna jack. I've tried USB extension cables to change the location of shark.It does record on a schedule. ACC Recordings land in iTunes and transfer to iPod without human intervention. Unfortunately the software can't record MP3 format. There are several utilities available to transcode the recordings to MP3.My next step is to crack the case and solder on a real antenna jack. Hopefully a real antenna in my attic will help.
The 3M Privacy filter is something everyone who works on things that are better not seen by others around you. Are you tired of getting people walking up to you and asking "What is that you are working on?" Or "Hey, I saw that video." Or, "Should you be working on that at work?"Well, then this filter basically filters them out. It stops people who are not directly in front of the screen from seeing it. Funny... A few years ago everyone was trying to make screens that had a wider viewing area... Anyway, if you move to one side or the other, the screen looks black.I've tried other brands including the Viewguard, and the 3M is a lot better.Be sure to buy the correct size for your screen. You do not want to have to cut them down yourself.
The included receiver has very limited range. If you already have another receiver (I did) you might be able to live with this set.There is no back lighting on the keys or mediapad LCD.The media pad is somewhat useful to use as remote control for iTunes and Windows Media Player. However the useless LCD can't navigate song titles, it simply displays the currently playing title. Would be great if you could scroll down a list of artist/tunes and tag for play.
This is my third JVC DVD player and I love all of them (my other two are still going strong and have not given me a minute's problem). This unit plays slideshows made by "Movies on TV" software, which does not play on just any dvd player. In fact, one of my more expensive dvd-vcr/player-recorder machines will not play these slideshows. The JVC read my dvd-rws that had mp3s on it. It showed me all of the folders on the dvd and as I highlighted each folder, it showed me all of the files in the highlighted directory. It played the songs perfectly. The screen tells you how many folders are on your dvd, how many total songs are on the disc, how many songs are in each folder, what song is playing, and the elapsed time. The screen for commercial cds is not as informative, but I think there was something I had to do to have more than a "play" line showing. The unit, however, played the cd perfectly. Not only did this machine play my home-made slideshows, you can make a regular jpeg disk (by just copying jpg files to a dvd or cd) and the machine will not only display the pictures beautifully, but the default is for the machine to play all the pictures on the disk in slideshow format. You can stop the slideshow and zoom in to pictures too. There are so many options available on this machine, I haven't had time to try them all. If you are looking for a dvd player (it is NOT a dvd writer), I can't recommend this one enough. The machine I bought came in a silver that matched all my other equipment perfectly. It is only 1 3/4" high, so it will fit anywhere. It came with a set of A/V (R/W/Y) cables as well as 2 sets of audio cables (r/w only). It has connections that will use the better composite cables (RBG), and the lesser quality s-video cables, but does not ship with them. I used the regular a/v cables and the picture on my Toshiba TV was wonderful, whether playing home-made or commercial dvds. The unit comes with batteries for the very readable remote, and worked well with my One4All Universal remote as well. The instructions say that the unit plays only Region 1 dvds. I have not gone to the JVC web site to see if JVC has upgraded firmware to play dvds from other regions, because I only buy dvds made for region 1. Whether you are a techno-beginner or someone who wants to record tv onto a dvd and watch a dvd at the same time, this machine is for you. Finally, a word about Amazon: I chose free shipping and still got my unit within 36 hours of placing my order.
I purchased this card when I bought a Cannon SD400. The Cannon only came with a 16 MB SD card, which is way too small. This SD card is very large and does quick transfers. The SD400 saw it easily and I did not have to format it special or anything. I have also used the card in my Acer Aspire laptop and it was able to find it and copy/edit the files on the card without any problems. I can take almost 400 highest quality pictures with this card, or up to 8 minutes of the best video with sound.All in all, the perfect compainion to the SD400.
The ipod is great, I love mine, I have over a thousand songs, a hundred pictures, and a half hour Beavis & Butt-head movie, and it's barely made a dent in the storage space. BUT.. sometimes in my car adapter it goes nuts. It jumps from one screen to another randomly. Also, I don't like that when you are in a playlist, you can't shuffle WITHIN that playlist. You can only shuffle all the songs. I don't want to shuffle all 1000 songs, just the ones in my heavy metal playlist! Unless I am missing some trick, but I don't think I am. But overall, it's great to have an ipod. Purists sneer at them because the sound may not be as perfect as it could be, but you know what, it's good enough for 99% of the headphones and car stereo speakers it will be played on. If you are a hardcore sound perfectionist, this isn't for you. If you are tired of juggling CD's in your car, this is much more compact, however you can still be distracted fiddling with the wheel control in the car, and unless you are driving a tank, that's dangerous. If you are considering getting your first ipod, get a good case for it, and buy it online so you can get the laser engraving done on the back. I wish I had done that.
I own a Lexmark X5270 and love it. Unfortunately, it does not have a stand-a-lone fax capability, so I eagerly looked forward to getting the X7170. It prints a lot faster than the earlier model and has a document feeder, but it refuses to scan and comes with defective software (graphics programs couldn't acquire an image). After 4 hrs., tech support was no help. The buttons on the machine didn't work properly and even using the software on the computer was a hit or miss proposition. Do yourself a favor and look at another brand until Lexmark can get its act together.
The battery magazine is made from brittle plastic that will self distruct during the first few loadings.
I had gotten a smaller card reader becuase I wanted something more compact for my camera bag. However, the thing would not read my 2 gb sd card. This one would. I'm not sure what the deal was, but it worked, and I've since had that problem with other readers. Larger-capacity sd cards are wonderful, but make sure your reader can handle them.
This is a decent small camera whose wide angle ability is its major selling point. The body is compact and sturdy, the controls simple, and all it has a very handy easy to use design. The drawbacks are a somewhat harsh flash and the fact that it takes AA batteries, which means it goes through them at quite a clip. Get rechargeables if you get this camera: the wide angle is irrisistable for scenery, so you'll wind up using it a lot.
Pros-Small.Light.Concealable.Fill flash syncs at all shutter speeds.Video shutter speed priority and internal mechanical neutral density filter for bright scenes.Cons-Focus hunts. Focus fails to lock on nearest central object even when that central object has high contrast and fills >50% of frame. Focus prone to locking on background instead of subject. Focus is substantially worse than every camcorder I've ever used.Taking stills while shooting HD video is useless. Viewfinder goes black while still is written to card. During playback video freezes. Taking stills while shooting SD video does not interrupt recording only if lowest resolution 640x480 still is selected. Unable to disable still button to prevent accidental activation.Audio is full of clicks from auto focus hunting and grating from zooming. External microphone is a must. Can't adjust external microphone level while viewing a meter. There is no meter in any display or menu. External microphone level can't be set high enough, even when using battery powered microphone. Zooming during recording adds high pitched whine to audio from external microphone. Likely due to lack of proper shielding in camera and microphone.Microphone jack smaller than standard 1/8" plug. Adapter cord is included.No standard USB jack on camera, docking station or cable adapter block. Must use supplied adapter cable and either docking station or cable adapter block to connect to computer.This camera is a poor substitute for dedicated still camera. Stills have many artifacts. Substantially worse than my oldest 1600x1200 2.1 Mega pixel Canon Elph camera.No front lens threads. No lens hood. Lens cap prone to marking lens.Lens adapters and filter adapter use friction push on "mount" instead of secure aligned threaded connector. Lens ring does not turn. Hama rectangular hood is good fit to filter mounted to Sanyo's filter adapter.Tripod socket not perpendicular to lens axis.Camera does not naturally point at subject. At telephoto end finding subjects is difficult.No place to mount an accessory light or microphone on top of camera.No provision to alter file naming convention.Video data rate at minimum secure digital flash card rate. Rate is not even close to the transfer limit of current flash memory. Artifacts so prevalent that it is hard to tell if image is in correct focus. Shooting with tripod is a must to lessen artifacts. Image stabilization ok, but not good enough to prevent compression artifacting of background.Does not come with HDMI cable. HDMI cable not available for purchase 3/2007 .Fastest shutter speed only 1/2000.No thumb wheel for manual focus. Manual focus isn't smooth, but jumps in steps. Unable to adjust manual focus during recording.Changing between focus modes requires one way cycling through all options. Focal length jumps to widest and stays there when cycling past macro range focus setting.Unable to adjust exposure compensation during recording.Instead of smoothly changing to new lighting conditions, automatic exposure noticeably jumps between exposure levels.Recording display confusing. Displays red "REC" even after pause button is activated, "REC" stays on while card is written, long after actually recording has ended.Screen momentarily goes completely black after pushing video record button. User unable to follow subject motion with black screen.Settings menu confusing. Box end wrench menu shows two tabs, but only first is used.Videos require fast computer to play smoothly. 2006 Apple 1.5GHz G4 Macmini unable to smoothly play unscaled 1280x720 video.
I admit the last guitar trainer I tried was a Rocktron cassette unit back in the 80's that would run the tape at half speed, and had one chorus and one distortion setting, but this unit is pretty good. I imagine you could buy something else for a whole lot of money that could slow down parts and not sound chopped up at all, but this works well and is portable. I'll just mention things that I've noticed that weren't touched upon or weren't explained well. The unit fits in a shirt pocket (barely), the 73 presets are tweakable; mixtures of distortion/overdrive, chorus/flanger/phaser, compressor, delays, tremolo, pitch shifting/doubling, autowah (which I really like) and most are useful (no wild "out in space" presets like you get with some multifunction pedals). Go to [...] to download a copy of the manual. The "guitar cancel" function (which is not explained very well) is what seems to be fixed settings of a parametric equalizer, so you can eliminate certain ranges of the spectrum; you can eliminate more than guitar with it. When you switch this feature on, it changes the output to mono and cuts whatever range frequency that you choose (PART setting from low to high frequency notch cut, the RANGE setting to select cuts over the whole spectrum (ALL) or just through the midrange (MID)). A little playing with these settings are extremely useful for focusing on what you really want to hear, and as a bass player, this works great. Charges well enough through the USB port. The music playback is not very loud, but adequate in a moderately quiet place. No tone controls or simple EQ settings (a la iPod) for the playback. Minor bummer: even though you can slow leads down with the Variable Speed Audition (VSA) feature, they can still be so fast that you might need repeated listens to pick out the notes.
If you were like me, you were trying to figure out if your 28-1/2 inch long tripod would fit in this bag that says 27 inches. The answer is yes. I have a Manfrotto 3221 with a 128RC head on it that measure about 28.5 inches total. I did not want to get the Model 200 since it would have been more money than I wanted to spend and would have had a number of inches of waste space to carry. So I ordered this on a gamble and for once , I won. I did not have to jam it in there, it just fit snug and comfortable. I can even tuck my shorty carbon fiber mono in there if I want to. The side pocket is just a bonus.As others have already said, this is well constructed with a solid zipper and the perfect amount of padding. My only concern would be that the 128RC head is right up against the end, so if dropped just right, the padding from the end of the case would be minimal and may be an issue. However, that's why I buy Manfrotto stuff, I have yet to see it break.I can't guarantee your slightly longer than 27 inch tripod will fit because girth may also be a factor depending on what you have, but my set-up as mentioned fit nicely. Hope this helps you folks that are on the fence.
God, I love this thing. It's nice, small, versatile, has all kinds of bells and whistles, and is teensy. I just wish I'd waited to get the dual-lens model.The camera takes bright, sharp pictures, fits in a shirt or jeans pockets, and offers an amazing array of options for any camera geek. I reccomend getting an extra battery, though, because with the bigger SD cards you can run out pretty fast.
This Garmin has been a lifesend for me. It helped me move from Iowa to California easily and has been great in helping me around the city of LA.However, I have some major problems with this machine.1. It doesn't tell me if I am going to be turning left or right if the next turn is over 1 mile away and there has been many times that it has made me miss a turn due to bad traffic.2. It sometimes calls streets by a different name than is on the street sign and so I have missed streets that way as well.3. It doesn't take the route that would avoid bad traffic. In LA the highways are always jammed but this GPS always puts me on these highways instead of the streets.4. Doesn't sit on the dashboard!!In CA, it is illegal to have it on your window and so I have to put it on the dashboard but it doesn't stick to it so it always falls off which is a huge headache!!Even though, I have these problems, I could not live without this GPS, it is great and well worth the money!!
PROSmallCool to touchRechargeableLong > Hour run timeShoe mount with 1/4" tripod tread in shoeDoesn't suck juice from camcorder batteryColor balanced with combination of two colors of LEDsCONLimited dispersion of lightLess light than 3w halogenThis light won't get your video to daylight equivalent, but it is plenty bright enough to help focus and add color.Has five yellow LEDs and four blue LEDs. If only the five yellow are working the batteries need recharging.
I was really excited about these speakers, despite the fact that its battery is built in (I always prefer standard batteries to utilize my own rechargeables - what happens when the battery unit in this goes bad?)But once I received it, I immediately was disappointed. There simply isn't enough volume to fill out even a small room. With so little sound, the quality is almost irrelevant and the usefulness goes to nil. I am very disappointed.
I believe this barlow was released by Meade for use in the ETX-60 and -70, but it works in my EXT-90 EC.I first used it while observing the moon, which all of a sudden got a heck of a lot closer.The field of view changes a little when using the barlow, so that takes some getting used to. Also, I had to slightly adjust the focus after inserting the barlow -- in other words, you can't just sight in an object with a standard eyepiece, drop in the barlow, and then be in perfect focus. Not a big deal.I debated whether to get the 2x or 3x barlow. Perhaps naively I went for the higher power (&quot;real&quot; astronomers advise against the abuse of power), but right now I just have the stock 26 mm eyepiece, so I don't think I exceeded my limit (with the barlow I get to 144x).
I frequently had a problem with the installation and software (it would often crash), but I could usually complete a scan. I made a total of less than 50 scans over three months before the Visioneer 8820 started producing a multi-colored grainy background in color scans and a grey grainy background in black and white scans. Customer support was little help. Over an hour on hold on a toll-call, followed by rounds of worthless email exchanges, and finally a 45-minute on-hold and 90 minute troubleshooting call with their technical &quot;support&quot; guy. He gave in and let me exchange the scanner for a new one.The new scanner arrived and lasted about 25 scans before it started doing the same thing. Don't waste your money on a Visionneer.
I got this camera for a Christmas present, so I haven't had it long enough to comment on how durable it is, though it seems sturdy enough. All the parts have a nice feel, and it's light but not too light.I went through my first set of batteries after taking more than 100 shots, many in low light with the flash.The flash is fine for illuminating your subject but the rest of the room may remain dark, especially if the wall is far away and the room is not bright to begin with. Low light shots without the flash tend to have a reddish tinge and you have to be careful to hold the camera steady. I've been able to hold it steady by hand, having about half the shots I take that way work, and the other half come out blurry.The controls are easy to use and intuitive. I figured almost everything out just by fooling with the camera, though I had to consult the manual for flash modes. I wish I could turn of the &quot;are you sure you want to do this&quot; messages for some of the functions to let me do things like lock a frame with one button push instead of two. A very minor complaint.Colors in normal light conditions are good, and the camera does avoid the washed out or metallic looking highlights I've seen in other digital cameras. Also blessedly absent is the pause between pressing the button and getting an exposure that a friend's camera has. With this camera, you press the button and that's the image you get, not an image from a second later.I still have just the 16MB card the camera came with, which holds 24 of the highest quality photos. That's more than it sounds, because you can throw away shots you don't like. For me this means 24 shots is equal to about 3 or 4 rolls of film, so I'm in heaven. I'm experimenting with shots that I'd never try with a film camera and having a ton of fun. When I go on a road trip I'll spring for a bigger memory card.My main annoyance is that after you take a picture with the flash the LCD goes blank for a couple seconds. I'm also miffed that the digital zoom doesn't work in highest quality mode (you can only zoom if your picture is being taken in a lower quality mode). This makes sense, I just wish the product description had mentioned it.
I have owned this camera since November 2006.I would have liked to have given the S9100 five stars, but the auto mode leaves something to be desired. To get the best images, you really need to use the manual settings.I have had excellent success in all areas with this camera. I have taken crystal clear macro shots of jewelry- a notoriously difficult subject. I have taken great indoor, low-light shots without flash. I have had difficulty with the auto focus in these special situations. But the manual focus is easy to use. Color and contrast are true to life. I have been able to take pictures in situations that I couldn't have dreamed of with any of the point-and-shoot models that I have used.Some people have complained about the graininess of higher ISO settings. You can select your ISO in auto mode. Mine stays at 80 most of the time. I use only use 1600 when I want the grainy effect. You can not select the ISO in stabilization mode. Flash exposure compensation is selectable in P,S,A and M modes. It has 5 settings.Battery life is good, but then again, I almost never use flash. The low light capabilities are so good that I don't need it most of the time. My Energizer 2500 mAh NiMH batteries last for hundreds of shots. Sorry, I never really counted exactly how many. I rarely need to change them during a session.The lens is threaded 58mm, so you can add filters if desired. You can also use a shutter release cable. I have not experimented with RAW much because I use Paint Shop Pro for editing, and it requires that my RAW images be converted to Tiff to manipulate.This camera is excellent if you:1. Read the manual2. Use manual settings3. PracticeIf you are looking for a point-and-shoot. This probably isn't the camera for you. However, the creative controls are excellent. I highly recommend this model for the serious amateur.
Mojo originally caught my eye aesthetically (I'm a girl, what can I say?). After reading the reviews here and discovering a rebate, I decided to give it a try. Two big draws were the FM radio and expansion slot.I've had my unit for about a week and have used it everyday jogging. I'm very pleased so far!
OK - I'm reading through the past reviews after plugging these things in and I'm thinking to myself "are these other people deaf?".Overall, the quality of these 'phones is pretty poor. Tinny and weak, with little noticeable base at all; and when I plugged them into the headphone jack on my PC speakers, I get a VERY annoying high-pitched whine while idle.I bought these headphones based upon other user reviews, and I have to say I'm quite disappointed. I expected a great deal more, under the circumstances. Sure, they're inexpensive headphones - and in this case, I got what I paid for.Update - Sept. 19, 2008: The second pair is of slightly better quality. Not quite as tinny, and with a bit more bass. I'm getting the background hum with this pair as well. And after about 10 minutes they REALLY hurt your ears. (No, I did NOT buy another pair - they shipped me two rather than the one I ordered, and it would cost them more to have the second pair returned than they charge for them.)
I have to admit, I am quite impressed with these little speakers! I bought these to plug into a portable CD player so that I have music/Yankees baseball while working in the yard. Based upon the other reviewers' comments, I expected mediocre quality. The truth is, these pint-sized speakers far surpass my expectations! No, I certainly don't get super bass from them - but I didn't expect to. However, what I DO get is far superior to, say, the Altec Lansing IM4 Portable Audio System which I also purchased for CONSIDERABLY more money, and which basically sounds like something you would expect to get out of a Cracker Jacks box. My only gripe is that they aren't battery powered as well as AC, to make them a bit more versatile.
I don't understand the high ratings for this product. I have these headphones, and I have a Rocketfish set. The Rocketfish set looks terrible; I thought these would look less conspicuous, and they do, but the sound quality--the only thing that really matters in the end--is terrible. That is to say, the sound quality is great--what you can hear of it beyond the steady background distortion which goes away only for seconds at a time but is otherwise always there. I can use these to listen to the TV when I don't really care about the experience of listening--I just want to hear what people are saying. But I cannot use these headphones for watching movies when I want to hear all the nuances and all the background sounds, like a surround sound. I think one star is too high for what I purchased these for. Take my advice, go with Rocketfish!
I drooled over this camera in the magazine ads in the 1980's, and drove the people at the camera store nuts asking to see one over and over, and finally got my own in 1989. I got the same setup advertised in the magazines: the camera body with the 35-70 AF zoom and the 2800 flash. I don't think I put it down for about 2 weeks. The autofocus was fast (at the time,) and the exposures were always good. I loved how it set the aperture AND shutter speed for you, and it had a motor drive, and that there were many accessories available. I expanded my lens collection and a few other items as well. Later on, however, once the wonder wore off, I missed some of the manual control of the X-370 and X-700 cameras, and I realized that the autofocus speed was rapidly being left in the dust.Still, this is a very important camera, since when it came out in 1985 it was the world's first complete autofocus camera system with the AF motors in the camera, not in the lens as an add-on to a regular non-AF camera. For a buyer today, it would be a good backup camera if anyone is still using film out there. Honestly though, I suspect it will appeal more to collectors and people wanting to recapture a cool camera they had in the 80's for nostalgia.
Works well for the price, if you are into a simple flash memory card that doesn't break the bank this one is for you.
I got this Altec Lansing iM7 for Christmas, and was very happy with the sound quality. Unfortunately, in June (just 6 months after I took it out of the box) some circuit inside broke through normal usage and it suddenly sounded all scratchy, unlistenable. I couldn't find the warranty info, and since I got it as a gift I have no receipt, so there's nothing I can do to get it fixed. Be warned, keep the warranty papers and receipt.
*Update* Amazon did refund my money on this, it just took a while.This was supposed to be the best antenna out there, but it was showed up by a cheap RCA antenna. The Terk antenna would work, but it had to be aimed in just the right place and never would pick up all my local channels, even though they all broadcast from the same place. It is very large and sticks out like a sore thumb also. Not worth it at all. Now, if Amazon would just refund my money, I am getting tired of waiting for my refund!
I was hoping that this might let me use my MP3 player on our drive to Florida later this year, but it is not worth the money. Granted, if the volume was turned all the way up on the MP3 player, I could hear the song on the radio, but it was always with static in the background. It didn't matter what channel it was tuned to and Belkins website that told you the best station for your area, was way off too. Most of the stations they had listed had strong signals already broadcasting on them! Save your money!
After reading consumer reports on the best signal booster that would work for my Cable Modem I was plesantly suprised at the ease of installation and the reception imporovement.Good product. Worth the money.
Well, now I can tell you something about computer TV recorders for the Mac, from actual experience. I have more experience, in fact, than I would like to have had.First I got the myTV.PVR by Hauppauge, cheap (roughly $120). It ran, showing TV on my screen, and allowing channel selection for all our cable channels. It had a timer to catch programs, and I recorded a number of movies and a couple of Monk episodes. The movies had to be converted using a free online program in order to be recordable by Toast, and the synchronization between audio and video was imperfect. Then the unit began acting up: refusing to work, and seemingly messing up the hard drives. I talked to the company, and they admitted that they had received reports of a problem with overheating. Thereupon I ran the device with its case removed and a fan blowing on it, and it worked. I then replaced the case and attached an old computer fan for cooling, and it continued to work. Then, about a week ago, it died: it would not even turn on, and its indicator light would not glow. Kaput, dead, deceased.So I ordered an EyeTV 200 (by Elgato) through Amazon.com for more than twice the cost of the first device, but still cheaper than at the Apple store, which did not have any available, anyway. It came today. It showed a much better picture, and could pick up TV schedules from the Internet. It uses FireWire to connect to the computer, which is a good idea. It also is designed to record according to a schedule you program; it also is said to convert VHS to digital. It appeared to be a much better device than the myTV.PVR.I was about to recommend the EyeTV 200 with enthusiam, but then. ... it abruptly stopped receiving any channels. It would not even play VHS fed to it through the composite video port. It would play back video clips from the computer, though; so apparently its tuner and analog input system are dead.I had the unit all packaged to return, when finally an email from the Elgato support arrived just in time, with a list of suggested cures for the problem. The one that worked was the old "trash the preferences" therapy. Now the EyeTV is working well, with a few minor software quirks which only add to its interest.It is probably the only viable recording device of its kind for the Mac. The Canopus digitizers may be technically slightly better, but lack the TV tuning capability, and the ability to schedule recordings. So the EyeTV is the one.
We had a Presto Saladshooter for years and the plastic on-off switch broke after providing many years of service. We decided to get the same product basically and are very satisfied again. The packaging has improved. The functionality is great for the price.
The ratings of high efficiency (96db), 80 oz strontium magnet, 150 watt continuous and 300 peak just don't carry across in sound. I used these speakers to replace 12 inch woofers in a PA cab. No crossover just a high pass capacitor on the horn so this speaker gets everything 2k and down. I have it hooked to a crown 200Watts a channel PA amp so power is there and an adcom preamp so I am using sound electronics. The sound from the these woofers is just not very clear or very powerful. It really seems like the old Radio Shack junk woofer and horn tweeter sounded better than these replacement woofers with much better ratings.(you gotta love old radio shack. Even their cheap speakers were good)I think I will reinstall the Radio Shack woofers. I am glad I kept them.Had I to do all over again I would pass these Speakers by. Money poorly spent.Shame too, they do LOOK really cool.
These cables are basically a commodity. This one caught my eye because of the low price. It functions perfectly...just as good as the "high priced brands". Recommended.
I have configured several computers for my grandchildren and this mouse is perfect for the children and comes with a nice price tag. Highly recommended....reliable.
I have now broken two of these brackets trying to remove them from my windshield. The plastic is the cheapest I have EVER experienced in a supposedly quality product. Garmin "bought cheap" in order to make a few more cents on their Nuvi GPS products and risks ruining their quality image. Don't waste you money on this cheap "made in China plastic product". They should offer it for $4 so I could buy 4, 3 spares.
I have used these DVD-Rs with my Mac G4 Quicksilver and a self-installed Pioneer DVR-108 burner. The discs are very reliable, with no problems related to either hardware or media.
I use these disks with my Mac G4 Quicksilver and a self-installed, internal Pioneer DVR-108 burner. I have used Toast 7 and 8. Fortunately the combination is practically flawless, for these dual-sided disks are much more expensive than single-sided DVDs. I reserve them for very large files or long movies. They play on every DVD-player I own.My only reservation is that the upper surface has a design which makes marking with a pen a bit awkward. I would have preferred a pattern of simple lines on which to write. The pattern is probably intended to make sure that the user puts the disk in right-side-up.Note that double-sided disks generally do not write as quickly as do single-sided disks. It's just another consideration.Also note that double-sided disks do not quite give twice the capacity of a single-sided disk. You really pay for that added capacity of the DVD DL.
I tried this in my workshop transmitting an FM signal to my ear protector/FM receiver head set. I have a pretty good quality head set but this just didn't send a strong enought signal for even 5-10 feet away. It could have been that I have too many ducts, motors and other metal objects in my woodworking shop which interfere. I had to return the unit...sadly, because I wanted the functionality. FYI, I haven't as yet found ANY transmitter that will work. I have given up on my pursuit.
1. This drive does work on a *single* USB connection *if* enough power is supplied by the computer to the port. In my experience, this worked on a Mac Mini but not on a an aluminum PowerBook 12"; for the latter I had to use the supplied cord that has a USB (or serial) connector on one end and the tip that goes into power port of the drive on the other end. This gives enough "juice" for the drive to spin up. It is unfortunate that this requires the use of both USB ports on a PB. On the other hand, beats needing a heavy power brick.2. No drivers are required for Mac OS X - it recognizes USB and Firewire drives automatically. If it didn't work on a Mac, as described by one person, then I would assume it was a laptop and needed the power cord that that I mentioned above and is supplied by Iogear.3. The drive is not bootable for Mac OS X - I cloned my boot drive to ION by SuperDuper! and Carbon Copy Cloper but my computers wouldn't boot off of it.4. The drive is well constructed from quality materials, solid and has attractive appearance.
We recently purchased the C-755, which is essentially the same camera as the 765, it just came from a different store, thus a different model number. Costco.com had a great deal and we decided to go for it and replace our old digital cameras with this one. I haven't had a chance to learn EVERYTHING as there are many many features available, but it has been wonderful so far. When using the auto feature, it takes beautiful pictures and the quality is top notch.There are two things, both related to the flash, that caused me to rate it a 4 rather than a 5 (and I'd go 4.5, if I had the choice available to me). First, if you don't remember to put the flash up manually, there is no flash. Of course this is a good thing when you don't want the flash accidentally going off like in a museum! The second thing is that when you use the auto function you cannot force the flash ON manually. When it says AUTO, it means AUTO. There are so many features like the ability to program personal settings to be accessed later and the ability to use it for short video that are awesome and the zoom is amazing for a camera at this price.I highly recommend this camera!ADDENDUM: This camera requires the X-D memory chips which is newer technology, thus a little pricey. We were disappointed that the chips for our old Olympus digital would not work. We purchased a new chip at Costco for around $70 and it holds over 200 pictures. Sorry I forgot to mention this initially. It's still a great camera and the chips are likely to come down in cost as time passes.In addition, I had no difficulties loading the software into my Sony Vaio Computer. It was quick and painless and all I have to do is plug the cord from the camera into my USB port and the software starts right up. It asks me what I want to do and I can quickly download my pictures.
Pretty good sound when it works if you don't mind a little humming sound now and then, but it often shuts off completely for no apparent reason. To get it to play after shut off, I have to unplug whatever device I had plugged into the base unit and re-plug in and then maybe it will work for a few minutes. Sometimes when it shuts off the sound from the device that I want to listen to, it plays the neighbor's TV station into the headset. Basically worthless junk because of unreliability. I wasted hard earned money on this junk.
Work's perfectly fine for a small camera or camcorder. Very handy and always keep one with each camera. WARNING: Read the product description, not made for a heavy camera.
We travel with kids three times a year, a week at a time. I do all of the driving so I needed something to listen to privately and not on the car stereo (as each kid has his/her own entertainment - ipods, dvd players, etc.). Bought this on the cheap, since I already had a spare SD card. Well, it wouldn't turn on just after a week's use! I left jWin an email on their web site - no response for a month. Left them a voice message - got a response a week after: they told me to send in the unit for exchange. After another month's wait, received a replacement unit and the same problem occurred! I traced it, based on my small 2-unit sample, to the following. Selecting, after music transfer from a PC via USB, "Safely Remove Hardware" followed by "USB Mass Storage Device," as in JX-MP88, "kills" the player: it won't power up on battery, after being disconnected from a PC. This happened on two different PCs: Dell Dimension 4300 with the 1st unit, and on an older Compaq with the 2nd. Obviously, I am not sending for another exchange - why throw good many after bad (shipping costs)! Incidentally, on the 2nd unit, I had problems playing songs past the first one: it would hang at the end of the song or when I tired to skip to the next one; the only way to restart it was to pull out battery! Bad device, bad support - stay away!
I use the binoculars for birding and wildlife viewing and find the performance of 10x42 to be very good. Previously I have only used close focus glasses for observing butterflies (Pentax papillo) so it is difficult to compare. The nikons are very compact, bright and sharp. I first used them on a trip to Canada birding in the rain for several days straight. There were many birds, due to fallout, and birds were easily identified within shaded cedar trees in the cloudy drizzle. No problems. I was very happy with them since my non-water proof pentax binoculars would have fogged-up and wrecked.I am aware that the 10x42 are not as well rated as the 8x42 but the extra magnification in the 10x42 is not too much of a sacrifice.
A little noisy at times as long as it works. Battery holder slightly melted and it no longer works after less than 90 days of light use. I have a video on Youtube showing this product and its defects. Just search for RCA Cordless Headphones.
Tempted to give this 4 stars, because it's forcing me to learn a new habit...keep it in it's cradle whenever you set it down for a second to adjust the position of the object you're ironing. See quilter's review if you iron thick items. I'm not a pro, married to a pro who has been liberated from ironing... I hate, avoid and was phobic about ironing.Until this:PRO1. I am left handed - I am still trying to avoid an "invisible cord"... it's great for lefties.2. THE CONTROLS ARE VISIBLE - NOT CONFUSING. We just returned a $400 Italian iron with hard to distinguish controls.2. no special water needed, transparent tank avoids uncertainty.3. it's beautiful, in a case with recessed handle. Space age a la Jetsons!4. To the Japanese designer ... Eraii! Kakoii! Subarashii! Excellent.COMPLAINT FOR AMAZON: you AVOID mentioning the wattage or any technical and electrical specifications. This is not your normal policy. All electrical UL rated devices in the US and Japan publish their power usage
We haven't used the charger yet as it is part of a Christmas present, but I am impressed with the quick shipping.
After a considerable amount of time and energy spent learning about HDTV and conducting research on reviews, both in the trade and personal reviews, plus comparing prices,I purchased this TV from Amazon (one of MANY purchases from this amazing dotcom).Expecting it to arrive on January 17th (as per Amazon), I actually received it on January 15th.This was accomplished because I tracked the movement of the order, and as soon as it arrived from Pennsylvania to Miami, I called Eagle Airfreight, was given a phone number for the local trucker, and I made arrangements with them to deliver the TV while I was off work due to Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day. Otherwise, I'd have to take off from work to be home to sign for the delivery. Note that Eagle could not have called me to make delivery arrangements because Amazon did not provide my telephone number to them - if I didn't call Eagle, I don't know how they'd make arrangements to delivery the TV without further delay, so do acknowledge the caveat.When I spoke to the dispatcher in charge of local delivery, to make delivery arrangements, I also asked her about the responsibilities of the delivery men. She advised me that they will unbox the TV, place it on your furniture and take the box with them (if you wish). They will not mount the TV to the wall, and they will not wait for you to turn it on to check its operation.The delivery men were courteous and careful.They called me about half an hour in advance of the delivery, and had it in my house 45 minutes before the close of the "delivery window" (9AM-1 PM).I purchased the TV when Amazon had it listed for $1299.99, now it is more -lucky me.My Directv has not yet been upgraded to HD, yet I'm receiving gorgeous off-the-air transmissions using the Zenith Indoor HDTV Antenna(sold through Amazon, of course, and also received very quickly). The cable from this antenna is plugged into the Directv receiver "air in" antennareceptacle. The Zenith Antenna did NOT work when I attached its' cable directly to the "air in" antenna receptacle on the TV. Live and learn.I simply can't fathom how much more beautiful the images can be with HD - but I'll find out at the end of the month when Directv upgrades my system.I have no problems with the speakers rattling, as some few others claim.The TV is beautiful without even being turned on. It's a super-shiny black with "good lines" - a good companion to my Ford Ranger Edge, come to think of it (and my Black Labrador Retriever).Thanks to Amazon, Samsung and Eagle Airfreight !UPDATE: After awhile it dawned on me that the volume needed to be increased from the maximum offered. Fortunately, there's an "AUDIO OUT" capabilty, so I ordered a "ZVOX" from Amazon and it has worked wonderfully.
I stuck my Iriver h320 into this case and mostly listen to mp3 speach files (audiobooks, etc) whenever I'm tired from my in-ear phones and when it's simply not practical to have earphones on. Of course, there's very limited dynamic range but the sound comes nice and clear. You can even listen to some light music this way. Get yourself a nickel metal hydride rechargeble battery. Will last for about 6-7 hours.
After one year of use this drive keeled over with a click of death.This is the most expensive drive out there, because first you have to pay for the drive, then for data recovery.
Outperformed my HUGE rooftop antenna. I did have to move it around a bitto find the *Sweet spot*...in the end...I put it in my living room windowand shortened the rods...laid them horizontal and got ALL HDTV stations 50 miles away ! Cable companies compress Hi Def....off the air is BEST.
It works as specified. It would be nice if the line lights would light whenever the line is in use by another phone. That way you would not intrude on someone else's conversation.Some of my contacts had difficulty hearing me when first installed. It would also be helpful if the there were an amplification volume control on the microphone so that the party on the other end could hear more easily.
Had planned to build an Onkyo branded complete A/V system around this changer. Those plans, and the money Onkyo might have gotten from me, are now in question. The same errors that the other 1 star posters have had are exactly what I've experienced. Bad Disk, skipping, not recognizing a disk is present, freezing, etc. Additionally, like the other posters, this started randomly and infrequently and has progressively gotten worse. It's now a paper weight and with the price of electronics I'm debating on getting it fixed (likely more than a new player). Onkyo should be contacting it's customers and replacing these defective players. Don't be fooled by a positive review. They may have just received their changer. It will get worse for them in time.
I bought this and I must have gotten a piece of crap because it didn't work and since it would have cost me more to ship it back than what I paid I decided to keep it and just count it as a lost. Be careful when buying this product.
I am very picky about my photos. I have been doing professional photography for 25 years. This camera provides the closest digital image to any 35mm camera on the market. The colors are true and the images are crisp. It's lightweight and easy to use. Definitely recommend!
Works just like everyone says. The cat5 version is the way to IMO since it gives you more flexibility. The only thing that was a very minor issue was making sure the led didn't stay lit due to rf interference. I had to play around with it and eventually used double sided tape and taped it to the back of my tv. Works great now.Before I bought those I was using a URC remote w/a URC rf extender that worked for the most part however it would completely shut down when my ps3 powered up and rendered my remote useless. At one point I was considering getting rid of my ps3 and just getting a regular bluray player. This Hot Link works like a charm no matter what's near it.Bottom line, if you want to hide your components this is the way to go.
Just what I need for a piece of equipment which had a cable that was too short. This a male to female extension cable.
I am VERY pleased with this product. After finding out that Consumer Reports rates Panasonic higher than all other brands in almost every category, I decided that this was definitely the brand to go with. I'm still learning about all its features, but so far am quite impressed.Just a heads up to those considering this product, you are able to do alot more if you also purchase DVD-RAMs instead of R or RW discs. (One free RAM disc does come with this product.) With the RAM disc, you can add titles to recorded programs, create chapters in something you have recorded, delete chapters, combine chapters, etc. (I have recorded some TV movies and have been able to delete the commercials by creating chapters). The Chase Play feature (watching a program from the beginning while it is still recording) is also only available with the RAM discs.I originally purchased an Emerson DVD recorder, which was quite a bit cheaper. Naturally, you get what you pay for. The Emerson worked fine, but did not have the features that the Panasonic does. I also did not like the Emerson remote control, as it was hard to find the buttons you needed. (i.e. the arrow buttons for the DVD menu were mixed in with the channel buttons, all buttons were the same shape and size - difficult to distinguish). The Panasonic remote has a lot of buttons, but its not intimidating if you take the time to scan the instruction manual.VCR to DVD dubbing and vice/versa is very simple - just select which you want to do and hold down the button for three seconds. One negative to this is that you cannot pause recordings to cut out unwanted material and the full disc will be copied unless you monitor it and stop it where you want to stop recording. However, on VCR to DVD recordings, if you use RAM discs, this wouldn't be an issue since you can edit as desired.Another positive feature is that this player will both read and record all types of discs: +R, -R, +RW, -RW, and RAM. You do have to finalize any DVD that you record before it will play on other DVD players (you do not have to finalize it to play it on the Panasonic). I cannot attest to the statement in one of the other reviews that it does not play discs that have been recorded on other players - but perhaps those discs had not been finalized? In any case, I've had no trouble playing any discs which I have in my home library.
it's an adapter cable and it works well...not to much more you can say about this..price was good so thats about all I can say
I am by no means an audiophile, but I appreciate good sound quality - I am usually dissatisfied by buds like the default iPod ones. These sound good - much better. Not mind-blowingly good, but anyone who isn't an audiophile will be more than satisfied.They are comfortable and feel high quality, but on warm days they can make me feel a bit hot.They block out a little bit of noise, but not much - this is perfect for me since I wear them at work and need to hear if my phone rings.The cord is very long - these are clearly designed for desk/living room use, and not travel. If you want these to travel with, you may find the cord length gets in your way.The bang for your buck is amazing - these sound like much more expensive headphones than they are. If you are looking for a good pair of headphones with an amazing bang for your buck, look no further.
I bought this mouse for my husband for his G4. I purchased the Macally because it was inexpensive and he tells me that it works better than his old one and he loves the double buttons and wheel.
What can I say.... There isn't any competition in the 80gb. Product is awesome!!
Well I just ordered this the other day and read all the interesting reviews. Seems most people are not aware of the capabilities and limitations of CB radio. First let me say that I hold an Extra Class Amateur radio license. I have also had my share of using CB and owned many CB walkie talkies. Sure the claims of CB and FRS radios are a joke but that doesn't mean they aren't good. On CB and FRS ignore range claims. They have no meaning. The only metrics that do are things like antenna dbi gain, power output in watts and ERP(effective radiated power). The first are marketing BS the later are electrical engineering measurements.First understand that CB is in the 11 meter band. This band is sort of in between short range communication and long range ionospheric skip. Because of this it is very subject to solar activity and the 11 year solar cycle. Well it is peaking now and when that happens the noise level in the CB band gets very high making local communication very difficult and cutting range significantly. So if you get one of these and all you hear is noise it's not the radio but the nature of the band.Now let's talk about the walkie talkie. The price on this thing is a steal. It comes with a rubber duck(continuous load) antenna. They are convenient and durable but the dbi gain is terrible. That is true with any radio with that type of antenna. To improve signal order the suggested telescopic whip. I did. This will improve the signal significantly. Remember it will be more fragile than the rubber duck antenna. The same is true for the mag mount antenna. It is continuous load as well. If you get a good base loaded mag mount antenna for car use it will improve signal significantly. In general the better the antenna you can put on it the better will be the performance.I hope this helps with expectation management on a product like this. It is nice to have just understand the realistic limitations. And use the best antenna you can!********************************************************Well I received this radio and it appears to be a fine cb HT. I can address some of the negative reviews as a limitation of the cb band and not the radio along with some tips and tricks to overcome these issues.All I get is noise: Well it is cb and the solar cycle is picking up so the ionospheric skip really raises the noise floor. It's a force of nature not the radio. And well this isn't the Smokey and the Bandit 70's. Not everyone and his dog have a cb. Not many people are on cb except truck drivers and drunken rednecks with a colorful vocabulary.Engine noise: Plugging into a cig lighter picks up a ton of engine noise. This can be addressed by adding a noise filter. This is installed in the car electrical system.Sound Tracker: I am not convinced this feature is more than snake oil. Sorry Cobra.Weather radio: Weather radio reception isn't that great. Understand that antennas are tuned to the frequency band they operate on and a cb antenna is way off the weather radio frequencies. I plugged in my 2 meter(VHF) ham antenna and it came in clear. Not the radio but the antenna.antenna: The best way to improve performance is to use the best antenna possible. Getting the telescopic antenna will greatly improve performance. For the car use a quality mag mount base loaded antenna such as a Little Will or K40 instead of the continuous loaded rubber duck mag mount that came with it. Oh, and don't forget to tune it with a SWR meter.recharge: Unfortunately I have never seen a cb HT that came with the recharger cord.Amateur radio: I guess I should promote getting an amateur radio license. With a 2 meter 70 centimeter HT and the infrastructure of repeater systems maintained by clubs you can talk all over and with irlp literally all over the world from a hand held radio.
Look, I know I'm stepping into the lion's mouth with this one, but these headphones just aren't comfortible enough to be considered spectacular. OBVIOUSLY the sound is great, but a feature that is almost important as sound, when it comes to headphones, is comfort. After all, music is meant to be listened to through speakers, so if you're willing to strap those speakers onto your head, you'd better be able to deal with them on your head for an extended period of time.I can draw an interesting analogy to the Playstation 3 here. People have been saying, for example, that with the PS3, Sony has put technology first and gameplay second. Likewise, Grado has - beyond denial - put sound first and the actual "headphone-ness" of the headphones second. I normally wouldn't have a problem with that if the headphones weren't distractingly UNCOMFORTIBLE, but the RS-2s are. The speaker is rock hard, and is pushed right into your ear. Additionally, unless your ears are circular (which, last time I checked, not many people's are), the earcups simply are NOT MADE TO FIT YOUR EARS. They are made to ACCOMODATE THE SPEAKER IN THE HEADPHONE. Add to that the foam earpads, and I found myself rather disenchanted. Put shortly, RS-2 simply feels unnatural on your head.There are a thousand articles testifying to Grado's sound, and I'm not going to disagree with them. But when you get headphones, let's be honest, you're looking for more than great sound. Polk's LSi9's (by way of example) have great sound, but I'm not considering strapping them to my head. Likewise, Grado's have great sound - the bass is smooth, the highs are great, and the soundstage is rather large. But they just don't feel like a real headphone to me, and with many other comfortible, slightly less expensive, and virtually identical sounding high-end models out there, I'd advise looking in another direction.
Perfect products!! Yes I own 3 now. Excellent gift idea. These things do exactly what it says in the description and does it exceptional well. I've tested every aspect, and not on purpose. Project protect my stuff!!
As a petite female, this case has been a lifesaver. It has plenty of zippered compartments for laptops to files to clothing for an overnight trip. The handles telescopes easily. There is a regular handle to pick up the entire case when going up/down stairs. (A tall person probably would not have to use this handle.) I see this case being used in our headquarters complex by males and females, alike. It was suggested to me by a male who recently had back surgery.It is definitely a popular, durable, good-looking case. Amazon had the best price, and the free shipping was a deal-maker. I order many items from Amazon--from books to vacuum cleaners. Great service, great products. The prices speak for themselves!
I DO NOT like it. The menus are not intuitive for me. The "Topo" maps do not provide the detail i desire and have not been successful in using the National Geographic Topo with this system. I believe the basic software may need to be updated to current standards. The "flash memory" when updated erases previous data. Have had the batt compartment leak. Haven't tried the flotation yet. I am a sea kayaker and use it accordingly, so the waterproof and topo features are important to me.I HAVE FOUND THE UNIT LETS WATER LEAK INTO THE UNIT FOR THE DRIPS OFF MY PADDLE. NOT WHAT I EXPECTED. HAVE DOWNGRADED MY RANKING TO ONE STAR. [...]
I've had this for a while now and I have no complaints. Canon printers quality surpasses that of Lexmarks. Delivery was fast and it was packaged well. I did not appreciate that it was delivered with the products box showing. Should have been wrapped in delivery paper.What are you waiting for?Hey, it's a Canon!
The description of the capacity is fairly accurate. I can tightly fit in one Digital Rebel+18-55 zoom, one 50-200 zoom, one 10-22 zoom, one 50 prime, and one flash. The camera body barely fits the space. Overall, it is a good bag, but I wish that it is slightly bigger to get things in and out more easily.
I purchased this a few months ago. Almost from the start I got errors trying to print pictures. More often than not the first picture printed each time would come out with the wrong colors and lines going through the picture. I would then have to perform a cleaning a couple of times and then it would print normally. This problem was repeated every time I tried to use the printer. Now when I try to print, even cleaning it doesn't help. I keep getting error messages telling me to replace the ink cartridge, even though the cartridge is no where near empty. Maybe I got a faulty cartridge, but whatever happened I hate paying for something that never worked correctly.
I am a fan of Sennheiser. I bought a number of Sennheiser for myself and my kids over years. I own a HD-280 Pro, HD-570, PX-100, and MX-400, in addition to HD-555.HD-555 is supposed to be the next generation for HD-570, but falls short of the standard HD-570 established. First, the sound quality. They are similar but HD-570 is slightly more efficient. They are both open air by design. So not being able to isolate environment noise is not a flaw but by your own choice. HD-280 Pro seals up better but you don't get the quality of openess. The resolution of different music instruments and voices is amazing. You can hear new sounds from a familiar recording. Second comfort. It is comfortable in general but becomes too warm over your ears after longer wearing. HD-570 is definitely more comfortable. The ear cups are smaller than those of the HD-570 too. Third, build quality. It is very durable after two years of use. But I whish it also had the removable cord as HD-570. Lastly, the appearance. It is subjective but in my opinion HD-555 wins in the coolness department.I am not regreting buying HD-555. But I am a little disappointed at the lack of improvement over HD-570, and the hype on it.
The software is still buggy. It froze up for no particular reason, in the middle of driving. In my recent 800-mile trip, it froze up once on each way. So get a paper clip handy in the car in case you need to reset it.
Why would anyone buy this thing for today? The maps are out of date and even worse, YOU CAN NOT UPDATE THE MAPS. There are no updates given by LG!??!! Why would anyone buy this thing? I bought mine in 2007 and it worked great but after a few years, I noticed it wasn't showing any new streets or highways. Don't buy it.
I did not get the best price possible. Just a few weeks before, it was on sale for $15 at [...]. But even at current Amazon Warehouse price of [...], it is still a great value. The optics is superb. It is a head and shoulder above all the crapshoot brand names like Barska, Alpen, Tasco, or even Vivitar and Bushnell. It is about as good as Nikon, at less than half the price. At the same time I bought this Olympus, I also bought a $10 Barska to get free shipping. The Barska has very good reviews on Amazon. But the difference in optical and build quality is so large, I feel that the $10 Barska is not worth it at all.The best parts of this pair of binoculars are: clear and bright optics, solidly built, compact, good price. The only thing I wish it had a little more is the wider field of view. But I know that it is probably unrealistic to ask for it because wider FOV will need to have a bigger object lens, therefore more expensive and less compact. So it is really as good as it can be.
The price is good, and the memory has been error-free. There's not much more to say.The packaging seems a little overkill. The pouch, huge manual and accompanying software all seem so unnecessary - not that most everything isn't overpackaged lately though.
use withipod - mac g4 pb - powermac g5 - Creative GigaWorks S750 - recording setupIt sounds brillant for so a cheap setup. Highly recommend it!The only issue i have it is not compact and sometimes the wire gets in the way. Besides that it rules...
Netgear's line of metal switches and hubs has always been an affordable, dependable product. I am glad to see that they haven't abandoned this format in favor of the plastic so many other companies are using.I bought a couple of these for work when a group decided they needed to cram three conference rooms full of people on short notice. Netgear was the only product I trusted to work, and they didn't let me down.
I bought this modem, along with about eight other USB modems, when running a test at work. While the Zoom was functional I was pretty unimpressed with it. All of the other larger modems I tried had status lights on them. This isn't mandatory for most applications, but occasionally it is nice to have.Basically, this modem just has nothing extra going for it. It's four times the size of the small form-factor modems, and doesn't have the features of some of the other options in this size. My preference would be either the USRobotics modem for the best driver support or any number of much cheaper options (you can get a USB modem for $10-15) that will work fine.
Netgear's line of metal switches and hubs has always been an affordable, dependable product. I am glad to see that they haven't abandoned this format in favor of the plastic so many other companies are using.I bought a couple of these for work when a group decided they needed to cram three conference rooms full of people on short notice. Netgear was the only product I trusted to work, and they didn't let me down.At this point, you might want to consider the GS105. Even if you don't need the gigabit speed currently, you might in the future.
I must say that I had to return my Atdec wall mount, cuz it's made in a cut corner way that should be rejected. VESA measurements are 75mm or 100mm, and usually 100mm we would be using. This Atdec wall mount has one piece @ 100mm, but the second part is only 75mm, so it has the smaller 75mm screw-ins. On my 2 LCD PC monitors, the monitors had 100mm screw fittings, so I was forced to put the 75mm piece of the mount afixed to the wall. This made the piece on the wall set in w/ small distance between screws. Ifelt unsure, and after turning my wall mounted monitor on & off a few times. the wall mount 75mm piece started to loosen. Don't buy this mount. Peerless is a far better unit to get for yourself.
Well, if you're looking for a 3 foot ethernet cable, this one'll catch your eye. It's of sturdy build & does the job. It'll give you the function & peace of mind you're looking for, in a 3 foot ethernet cable. I'd recommend it for sure.
I purchased this model because I have had good luck with Tripp Lite products and needed a 900VA or greater UPS for a particular task. The unit arrived as expected and has worked flawlessly.- 4 powered ports- 4 non-powered (surge protection only)There is not as much room for plugs as there would be in the models that lay flat with the plugs on top, though this wasn't an issue for my application.The backlit display seems... well, pointless. I purchased the unit despite the display, not because of it. Noone really needs to see the input voltage on a device like this. There is a dimmer switch next to the display so you can make it as dim or bright as you like - or turn the backlight completely off.It is a little more visually appealing than the typical computer UPS, which I expect is the point of this model. I would purchase this model again if/when the need arises because it has proven reliable and is cheaper than comparable models from companies such as APC.
I have used this product since 7/07 and it works with only one of my three computers. I would not recommend this product if you need you work with the newest hardware/software systems.
This replaced a Netgear BEFW11S4 router, which was hideously inept at keeping its wireless signal up or doing port-forwarding. After buying the Netgear, which I thought was a better brand, I'm not sure I'm much better off.As I work, I can see the wireless signal drop from full strength to nothing for a few seconds, then come back. At other times, I've turned on a computer to find the signal gone and unwilling to come back - this can be fixed by plugging into an ethernet port, visiting the configuration page and simply "OK"ing the wireless settings, without changing anything. Of course, if ethernet were convenient to me, I wouldn't need the wireless. As it is, a device that fails every few days and needs to be reset is wholly unacceptable. It is better than the Linksys only because resetting the Linksys didn't always work, and on the Netgear, resetting does always work.Nevertheless, home users shouldn't have to baby their network devices, particularly if you need wireless because your computer is physically nowhere near your DSL terminal or cable modem. This class of devices cannot fail, and even with the latest firmware this one does, a lot. One star.Update: 8/04. The internet port, which connects the router to the DSL modem, died this week. I put in a report on the tech support page, detailing what had happened and what I'd done to isolate the problem, and I got a response three days later (24 hours, my butt). The response was a typically patronizing walkthrough of the most basic setup and testing that you can get to the configuration page. Well, of course, I can get to the configuration page - it's getting from the router to the internet (specifically, to the DSL modem) that's busted. Oh, and the e-mail was barely in English - more offshored support from a company that sees customers as nothing more than expense. Thank goodness these things are getting reasonably inexpensive, because you have to assume at this point that once a router dies, it's dead forever, and the warranty is worthless if you can't get an RMA.
This is a good component video cable, and u can't go wrong if u buy it. Recommended.
I got these speakers, cuz they looked cooler than the LogiTech ones. I just bought, now, some LogiTech 2.1 speakers, and would recommend the logitech over creative speakers for the 2.1 catagory.
I love this air mattress. It inflates quickly and is super comfortable. I just wish I had NOT bought the raised one. If you move around too much or get too close to the edge, you feel like you're going to roll right off of it. I think it's because of the high center of gravity or something. But, overall, highly recommended! BONUS - Unlike most things, you CAN actually fit this back into the bag once you're done with it!
I looked at this model in the store, and it was the worst TV in the whole place. I couldn't believe it. The picture was grainy, pixelated, and there was a severe image lag problem. I'd describe it as watching a really bad DVD rip while trying to defrag your hard drive and run a virus scan. Sure it's an LCD HDTV, but wow...if it's a choice between this and a low-def tube, stick with the tube.
This is a sturdy little mp3 player by SanDisk. It is bargain priced, and works great. The c140 is a bit more expensive, but more pleasant 2 use.
I ordered this DVD player 3 weeks ago and I love it, it plays great. I am very happy with it and a very nice looking model. I would recommend this DVD player to movie lovers. Kim Jones
I sorta agree with the new yorker guy on why he'd rather buy a cheap mp3 playing cd player than an expensive minidisc player if all you want to do is listen to music. however! He neglects to mention the one thing about minidisc that makes it far superior to and far more versatile than cd-r / mp3 players, that being, with the appropriate player that has a mic input, you can RECORD ANYTHING ANYWHERE. This e909 player is outdated and doesnt take advantage of minidisc's full potential so i can see why one would never want to get this. But with most of the new player/recorders especially the MZ-N10 from Sony, you can use minidisc to record audio for video projects, record conversations, concerts, record from cd players or the computer audio (MOD, XM and other chip tune files) via line in or optical in. All you need is a good shotgun microphone...
Since moving into our current house and with the establishment of our wireless network, I've gone through some grief trying to connect the family computers' music collection to the central sound system in the main family room / den. Our setup consists of a Motorola broadband modem wired to a Linksys Wireless-G router wired to the two computers in the study. There is one wireless access point in the den, as well as a new, third computer, which connects to the wireless network via a Linksys WMB54G Music Bridge (I'll explain).Last Christmas, I bought the Linksys Music Bridge for my parents, with the idea of broadcasting music to it from the computers located in the den. I had read about the problems encountered with trying to make it work, but I saw it as my only real option at the time and decided to risk it. Following some of the user-created tutorials here and elsewhere on the net, I managed to get it working for periods at a time.I say periods at a time, because inevitably, it would lose connectivity and the bridge software would not be able to pick it up, requiring me to tinker with it to try and reestablish a connection. Recently, it seemed to stop connecting altogether.I read about the Apple Airport Express, so I picked one of those up. I brought it home from Best Buy and plugged it into a socket just behind the main entertainment system's cabinet. It has one light that blinks amber if there is a connection issue or solid green for an established connection with the network. Going through the configuration routine a couple times, I was able to get it to connect to our wireless network without nearly as much trouble as I had 8 months prior with the WMB54G. The only drawback to the Airport Express is that you can only access it with iTunes, which, when an external speaker connection is detected, creates a dropdown box in the lower area of the main window that lets you select which external speakers or Airport you would like to output to. To me, this felt a bit limiting, but I would probably have lived with it, had I not encountered an anomaly:Now, I was planning to junk the WMB54G, but we had just bought a third computer (den), which of course needed a way to connect with the network. On a whim, I plugged it into the Linksys Music Bridge. Lo, and behold, it was able to use the Music Bridge like a wireless modem! (so it wasn't a total loss, after all). However, opening iTunes, it was somehow unable to see the Airport Express, and despite my efforts, I never could get the dropdown box to appear. I wasn't about to have a 2/3 solution, so back the Airport Express went. I scanned the isle, and there was the Roku M1000. It looked promising and well-made, so I bought it.I cannot describe how cool this thing is! Setup of the Roku M1000 to the network was a real pleasure, for a change! In the first place, all setup configuration is performed at the Roku itself, using the remote and the display, which sure beats the heck out of going through a setup routine at every computer on the network! The Roku is an electronic Einstein compared to the others. It found and displayed the network name on the screen. I told it to connect. It immediately acquired all the right IP/gateway information without me having to baby it. Awesome!Second, the Roku is smart enough to be able to scan for and find music sharing servers on the network by itself, without any additional software installed on each computer. I have not tried WMP specifically yet, but so far, whenever I have had one or all of the computers running iTunes with sharing enabled, the Roku would always find and display their library names on the screen. Sweet! Then it's just a matter of choosing one, and deciding which browsing method to use. That simple! It also will connect to hundreds of internet radio stations, right out of the box! So, even if you have not set up a music collection on your PC, you can still use it. It also shouldn't be overlooked that, unlike other devices, you don't have to go to the computer to play music from it. Since the Roku has its own display, you can browse and change the music right there, using the remote.When I contrast my experiences regarding other devices, such as the Linksys Music Bridge and Apple Airport Express, both of which are more limiting and more prone to setup issues, with the Roku M1000, I feel that everyone wanting to get music from their PCs to their home stereo system should be made aware of this little guy, as it is by far the easiest and most versatile solution out there.
The CD trays are a little flimsy, but this audio system really packs a whollop. The sound is excellent. For the price, it has a lot of features, such as Bass/Treble control, a sleep timer, and five CD trays. To get an enjoyable sound, I'm willing to take the risk that a tray may break. I just try to be extra gentle with the trays.
I've owned one of these guys for about 8 months now, and it has never worked consistently. Following some of the helpful online tutorials, I was able to get it working - for a while. Like many others say, you are potentially bound for hours of headaches with this thing.If you are interested in a wireless music solution for getting music off your PC to a home stereo system, let me do you a big favor and steer you toward one of the devices made by Roku, such as the M1000.Seriously, avoid this. Get an M1000 or better. I did, and it solved my entire problem and then some.
I just found a way to get around having to use Windows Media Player. Good thing, because I was just about to give the player away. Using Windows Media Player, there is no way to organize the music in folders (playlists), so you can just go from folder to folder without thumbing through all the songs in each folder. What I did was upgrade to the latest firmware, and then I double-clicked the player in "my computer" and opened the data file. Then I just dragged and dropped the folders into the data file. All of the music shows and plays in the folders I arranged it in. iRiver makes good players that can be a pain.
Well, 5 stars for not being broken out of the box, and for all four batteries lasting through 2 months and 4 charges. What more can you expect?Some inventer should figure out how not to need a heat-generating transformer brick for chargers and such. That would get 10 stars.
I had this sub-woofer, and it is the best 10" around. It is great. Get one, if this is what you are looking for. I just use my pc now, but i had alot of fun, w/ the JBL 10" sub, and you can find them priced very, very low.
I got this, my first Ipod, at the end of April. I loved it, however, it broke down less than a week later. Worried about the warranty, being in Costa Rica and the product bought in the USA, I called the local apple dealer. She replaced my Ipod within 5 days with a new one! I'm now enjoying it every day in my car. Love the Ipod and, even more, the Apple service!
I think is a "must" for any beginner, for a low price you can have almost all the different size of EP. Try them for a few months and then when you will be completely sure what do you want and buy the EP that you need.
The ink is noticeably watered down compared to OEM and does not last nearly as long.However, for the price, you can't really complain...
I got this after many research for my first ipod. Good sound in my home and in the patio. I still haven't tried it, but is suppoust to work with its rechargable batteries.... A plus!
The Cruzer Titanium is simply the best. Nothing to install if you have XP and want to use it just as a mass storage drive. Installing the U3 and password software was a cinch. Good capacity, but, of course, you can really never have enough. Virtually indestructable. Cnet reviews were right: It is spectacular.
Just picked up 6 packs of these QuickLock connectors for my home theater system.The connectors are very sturdily built and are actually a bit heavier than I expected.Audio quality has improved slightly due to the good compression on the speaker wires and the tight fit to the back of my speakers and receiver vs. hooking the components up directly with speaker wire.The connectors could be a bit cheaper, but it's not really a big deal. You can find them cheaper on the internet, but I refuse to do business with some of those places (RitzCamera, ANTOnline, etc.). Just read the reviews and you'll know what I'm talking about.
I've been using these on two different DVD burners without a single problem. I haven't had any coasters, and the product came in excellent condition. It's certainly nice to have a non-hard drive long-term storage solution.I wouldn't have minded a little more room on the disc to write my description, but that's a minor point.Check back in 95 years. If the data is still readable, I'll forgive the skimpy Description line and give it that fifth star.
i use this ram ddr2, 800 speed, pc6400, and i use 2 x 1 gigabyte sticks. It's very fine ram, and i got the C4 version, for faster timing. C4 version is recommended, and, btw/ this ram can be had for very cheap, these days.
Well, not much to say.... I guess that is why is so cheap, I connected to the laptop and the TV and there is no connection at all....
I recently upgraded my desktop to a quad-core CPU and dual-graphics card setup. This required a beefier power supply while I was at it, and I have two loud Raptor drives encased in noise-reducing copper boxes. My general use is for photo work, not gaming, but I build gaming-level systems to process those megapixels. That means bursts of heat when I need the performance, but I want quiet while I work.I needed something that could dissipate all of this heat, move air (especially for those encased Raptors stuck in the 5.25" bays), and have room for all of this stuff.The case delivers. Putting the PSU on the bottom was a great start. The pictures didn't make this clear, but there is a false bottom so the PSU isn't resting right on the bottom of the case. The air it gets is filtered, and there's a mid-section fan in the bottom chamber to pull air through (and that pulls air right through a secondary hard drive space). The upshot is that the heat from the PSU doesn't accumulate near the mainboard and you can run the general case fans at a lower speed. The one hard drive I keep in that lower chamber rarely cracks over 27C, a benefit of having all of that air rushing past it.The top chamber is roomy unless you have two graphics cards. With two, the second graphics card comes right up against the bottom of the top chamber. My cards happen to have very large heat sinks (9800 GTs), and there are only millimeters between the second card's heatsink and the bottom of that top chamber. Fortunately, both GPUs run at 41C pretty consistently.The rest of the motherboard, RAM, and a hefty CPU cooler have plenty of airspace around them. With the PSU on the bottom of the case, there's no bundled cords blocking airflow between the 5.25" stack (where the Raptors and optical drive live). You can feed the cables through various points of the case, and I snake many behind the motherboard and over the top of the case. If you take the time to manage your cables, you'll have a really open setup.As a result, I'm running a quad-core 125W CPU consistently at 41C (or 35C in low power mode). Those are the temps of the *cores*. The motherboard never climbs out of the 30s. The Raptors are now running cooler in this case by 5C than in the last one. I credit the improvement in airflow.My one key complaint is that the fan speed controllers for the three case fans are all cheesy. You have three simple speeds, set manually, on a dinky little controller that is either hard to reach (in the back upper corner of the case) or impossible to reach in the bottom chamber. The switch doesn't always respond correctly either. I was fooling with the different speeds and couldn't get the case fans out of medium speed, which must have added another 20db until I fixed it. Why not have these things plugged into the case fan controller on the motherboard? C'mon!That one issue aside, this is a great case that lets you run a performance system cool and quiet.
I purchased this cable to use along with the Cables to Go 30504 adapter. I have 2 internal disk drives that are used as external drives and rather than unplugging the power cable each time I need to use a different drive, I thought this would be the perfect solution to allow me to use both disk drives without messing around with the power cable.I've been using this for about 1 month and am satisfied.
I bought this chip to expand the memory of my iRiver X20 PVP Player. The iRiver noticed the chip immediately. I then downloaded an interview video that I completed, and it plays perfectly. The price could also not be beat. It cost about one quarter of what other retailers wanted for it. Great memory!
In the beginning it will work fine, but then it will malfunction out of the blue and take your important files with it. The Maxtor 40 Gig External Drive erased all my work out of no ware one sunny day and I used a file recovery to retrieve my work. This happened 3 times where the third time I couldn't get nothing back and now it just plain doesn't work. Stay away from Maxtor it's not even worth the cheap price!
I spent countless hours researching for a good macro lens and basically had it narrowed down to the Sigma 70mm, Tamron 90mm and 180mm. I read complaints about how close you have to get with the 70 or 90mm lenses and decided that any extra distance I could place between myself and shy animals and bugs would be nice (this lens is supposed to be able to focus at 18.5 inches). I am not sure if this is normal or typical of a macro lens, but I was able to focus at 10 inches.The lens arrived wrapped in a plastic bag (with small packet of desiccant) and placed in the provided lens pouch (and in the original box). I was glad to see it packaged this way because Amazon did a poor job filling the shipping box with plastic cargo pillows.The first thing I noticed immediately upon unboxing is the provided lens pouch is not made of neoprene but seems to be made from high quality nylon (possibly 600D or better) and about a 1/4 inch of extra padding was stitched around the entire pouch. I was happy to see this because I really don't think neoprene offers much protection and I can't stand the smell. The case is very well made and has a dual drawstring system to close the lens pouch. Also, it has a nice handle to make carrying easier. Unfortunately, there are no hooks, d-rings or loops to easily attach it to your bag or to attach a shoulder strap.This lens measures about 7.5 inches long with both end caps attached and about 3.5 inches in diameter. Of course, length and diameter will increase if you have the lens hood or tripod mount attached. BTW, the lens hood is huge (which is a good thing) but it will add an extra 4 inches to the length of the lens.I am using this lens with my Sony A57 and upon mounting it to the camera body I noticed it's a little loose. This is something I find very common with Tamron lenses and is worth a 0.25 point deduction from the overall rating. No, the lens is not going to fall off and no, it's not going to break any connection between the lens and the camera, but I think this is something that Tamron needs to address. I will say that this lens has much less movement than my 17-50 and 70-300 Tamron SP lenses. For the price, I would expect a more precise and tighter fit.This lens is made mostly of plastic, but does not feel cheap. The fit and finish is perfect and the large focusing ring is awesome! The focusing ring has a nice rubberized (and textured) band and rotates smoothly in MF mode. One thing I found odd (or at least very different than any other lens I've used) was the absence of a AF/MF switch. Instead, you need to grasp the focusing ring and pull it towards the front of the lens for AF or pull it towards the camera for MF. The ring locks in place nicely and should not move out of AF or MF unless you really want it too. AF performance is definitely lacking (as most reviewers indicated) but it does work and when it locks on, you get a perfect photo. I prefer to use MF because I find controlling the focal point to be much easier and faster. If you switch the lens to AF and the focus is not close, it will cycle through the entire focal range, but if you switch the lens and the focus is close, the lens may focus within a fraction of a second. It really depends on the environment, but overall, I found AF to be lacking and it usually cycles through the entire range which takes a few seconds. This is worth a 0.25 point deduction because it would be nice (in some instances) to have AF that works fast.At the font of the lens, there is another ring that allows for FEC (filter effect control). This allows you to very easily rotate a filter with the hood attached (otherwise you would need to remove the hood, rotate your filter and reattach the hood). I really like this feature (even though I don't use filters) and anyone who uses filters can benefit from this quick and easy way to rotate their filter.The tripod mount is easy to remove/attach due to its hinged design. It fits in a predetermined groove and there are markings on the mount and on the lens itself so you can be sure your camera is square/level. I plan on keeping the mount attached to the lens most of the time because it's comfortable to hold and can rest in the palm of my hand when taking photos without a tripod.I really enjoy taking photos without a tripod simply because I don't have to lug it around and I almost always have a very steady hand. However, for macro shots, it's nice to utilize the stability of a tripod because the slightest movement could cause your photos to turn out blurry or the area you thought was in focus could shift to another area of the image. This is the first lens I've used where I noticed this happening. I actually thought there was something wrong with the lens because I would MF an object and when I was ready to take the photo I would notice it was out of focus. Now that I know what is happening, I have been able to effectively correct this without a tripod. But by all means, if you have your tripod with you, use it.Before I forget, I should mention that this lens features internal focus. This means that the lens barrel does not physically extend or contract when focusing (unlike your typical zoom lens). This feature is nice and can greatly reduce the amount of dust that is capable of making its way into the lens.So far, I've just been able to test the lens on inanimate objects inside my home as we are preparing for winter and it's just too cold outside. I will be taking a trip to the southwest very soon and hope opportunities for some great outdoor macro shots will be presenting themselves.Overall, this lens is great. Optical quality is top notch and so far I have not experienced any issues such as chromatic aberration, vignetting or distortion. I've added some photos to the product page and plan on adding more in the near future.0.25 point deduction for the lens mount0.25 point deduction for the AF performanceOverall rating is 4.5 stars out of 5
I've used this on and off, always issues and now Blutooh devices canot be found on my PC, even though the drivers are installed and the dongle lights up.This is a mess and better off using something more reliable.
I purchased this little camera mainly because I was attending a Formula 1 race and the weather forecast was: rain. It proved to sustain not only the rain but also seawater, with the proper care of course. It is also very handy and easy to take along because of its small size, and it has a lot of features! The only cons I find is that low light pictures are not all the good as they should be and the door to access the battery and memory card is somehow fragile.
Its sound quality is worse than all the headphones that I have ever used (more than 20 at least). You are better off with a headphone that comes with such things, say a CD player.
If you need to spend a lot of time to make a product work, then it does not work, period.This is worse than garbage, for garbage, I throw it away, but this thing wastes lot of time, before I throw it away.
I have been using my printer now for a year and I still love it. Crisp colors and easy to use and refill. Great price--I'm happy with it.
Pros: Great design, and it made my wrist stop hurting.Cons: Poor execution of the design, not a good mouse at all.The Bottom Line: Consider it a last resort, if your wrist is killing you and you're willing to put up with anything, for at least a while, to make it stop.Note: I wrote this review a few years back and it seems to have vanished, so I'm reposting it now.For at least the last year I've been using a Logitech MX 310 mouse, which I really like, but my wrists recently started to really bother me, especially my right one, when using the computer. So I decided it was time to look for a different mouse and see if that helped.I should probably add that most of my computing is done on Linux machines, followed in close second by macs, and a distant third by Windows, but in a typical week I use all three on at least 3 different computers (this mouse has been traveling a lot). I have not used the included drivers since they only work for WIndows.The Evoluent VerticalMouse 2 was one of the first I tried, and on a positive note I'd say after using nothing but it for 2 weeks, my wrist felt fine. The position is very comfortable, and I love the design. If this mouse was manufactured with the quality of the typical logitech mouse, it would probably be my favorite mouse ever.But the mouse suffers in a number of areas:* The scroll wheel is awful. There is no click feedback, so you don't know know how far you have scrolled, especially in any application with even the slightest lag. In addition it seems way too sensitive. Often it gets stuck right on the edge of moving another click (if it had clicks) so that you will be doing something and the screen will unexpectedly scroll. Much more often the screen will unexpectedly scroll when you click on either the scroll wheel or the first (left/top) button. I can't express how annoying this gets to be. I've seen it on on three operating systems so it's the mouse, not some driver problem.* The buttons are way too easy to press, especially for a mouse that you have to grip slightly to move. Accidental clicks are a constant nuisance.* The surface material for the buttons is very slick, which again in a mouse you have to grab I think only contributes to the accidental clicks.* The optical sensor seems a bit over sensitive, and at the same time picky about the surfaces it's on. I say this because on every operating system I have to turn the sensitivity almost all the way down, but then the cursor becomes quite jumpy. Some mouse pads are better than others, glossy or dark ones are especially bad, those 3M mouse surfaces don't work well, and when I tried to use a black mouse pad it didn't work at all.* I've only tried it with the PS2 adaptor under Linux, but it worked poorly, often dropping out as if the mouse occasionally just quit responding for a fraction of a second. It worked much much better plugged into USB, but on both of my Linux boxes I cold not configure the sensitivity when it was plugged into USB, and it was way too sensitive, as in a slow 1-2cm move takes you all the way across the screen. (This is a linux problem in that the speed can't be adjusted, but you should know if you intend to use it on that platform.)* Finally, the bottom is not flat, and this did not help with the stability of an unusually tall mouse.Still, given all this frustration, my wrist stopped hurting, and it was worth it for that. But now I've gone on to try other mice and I won't come back to this one unless my wrists get bad again.
I got an iPod for Christmas - Yeah! But it wouldn't work at all with my PC and I thought I would take it back. Then I discovered iTalk and took it to class and recorded the entire lecture. The teacher sounded as clear on my iPod as in class. (You do have to ignore the whizzing of the drive; it's very quiet). Now, I don't have to worry about missing something because I can hear it again. At 56 and job and other stuff, it isn't easy to listen to 2 hours of tech-talk (going for my A+); so if I drift off, I can hear it again. I can save my voice files on my PC and hear it there or on my iPod. What more could I want?In the meantime, I got my pod to work on my PC and now I'm truly happy. (All I needed was a firewire connection)
This is exactly what I wanted. A basic camera that will let me video conference with a good quality microphone. I am perfectly satisfied with this product.The best part is that I dont have to waste space on my desktop and the camera has a decent design.I have used several logitech cameras and was frustrated with the compatibility and quality issues. Labtec is a good switch-over.
In my home based computer/web design business, I often times work on PC's from family members or my customers. In the past, I would disconnect/reconnect cables from my PC to the PC I was trying to repair.Needless to say, this was very inconvenient.So, I purchased the IOGEAR PS/2 KVM Switch. This thing works great!Absolutely simple to connect, no external power supply. It switches smoothly between my two computers with absolutely no flicker or loss of video. Video quality is superb. The keyboard and mouse work perfectly, even if I was working on one PC while the other was booting up.I highly recommend this KVM Switch. Even if you just have a couple of computers at home or the office, this KVM Switch will make your life much easier and convenient.If I had to describe this product in a single word, that word would be - Smooth...
Batteries really do charge quickly. Would be a 5 star product if it took 4 AAA batteries as well as AA batteries. It only fits two AAAs which is what I use most often.
I bought this just after Leopard was announced and also bought the upgrade DVD. After upgrading to Leopard I could no longer log in to make changes, but I could use the computer. After a two hour call to Apple Tech Support I could no longer use the computer and they wanted me to re-install the OS and NOT transfer my old settings.Search around and you will see this is a known bug that Apple could have warned people about or made a fix for before it screws up the computer. Apple still refuses to take responsibility. Avoid Apple products unless you don't plan to upgrade.
I've bought and used several BoxWave products and never had a problem. However, the shield for this camera is about 1/16" short horizontally. Not worth going the trouble of buying a competitive product, but I'm disappointed with the fit.
If you purchased this unit and the plastic band broke, call Logitech support at: 702-269-3457Once you prove that you have the old model, and send it back to Logitech, they will cross ship you a the new Free Pulse model which has a high strength carbon spring-steel headband.You will have to pay shipping, but you are getting a great pair of headphones to replace the previous defective model.
Folks,If you purchased this unit and the plastic band broke, call Logitech support at: 702-269-3457Once you prove that you have the old model, and send it back to Logitech, they will cross ship you a the new Free Pulse model which has a high strength carbon spring-steel headband.You will have to pay shipping, but you are getting a great pair of headphones to replace the previous defective model.
When I noticed dust on the sensor of my Canon EOS Digital Rebel XTi, I did what most photographers would in such a situation: fainted. OK, not really, but I did freak out a bit. Any serious photographer knows that cleaning the sensor is as delicate an operation as performing a heart transplant.Most experts will tell you that direct contact with the sensor is a last resort (and for times when that's required, there are special swabs and fluids made just for that task).The first line of defense, however, is air. While some people would suggest using compressed air (from a can), most would argue against it because the gas inside can become liquefied, which would only damage your camera's sensor even more. The same goes for simply blowing into the camera body. Hence, the item that's become a staple of almost every photographer's arsenal, is the Giottos Rocket Air Blower.Similar in theory to the bulb aspirator used to remove earwax or mucus from babies' orafices, a simple squeeze of the Rocket Blower gives off a concentrated stream of air to effectively blow off any dust particles that may have landed on your sensor. Because it's made so that the air enters at the bottom and leaves through the top (the red nozzle), there's no chance that the dust you blow away will be sucked back into the blower. Plus, the "fins" of the rocket keep the bottom valve from directly touching any surface, which means it's more likely to stay dust-free.The first time I used my Rocket Blower, it was to remove a minute piece of hair that was visible to me only through my viewfinder. One or two squeezes with the Rocket Blower, and the hair was gone. It couldn't have been any easier.I whole-heartedly suggest the Giottos Rocket Air Blower to anyone who cares about their gear.
After upgrading my desktop computer, I discovered I had a cooling problem. I choose this fan due to its size and low noise ratio. A quick cut in the case allowed for placement of the fan and it connected to the current plugs. The fan was very quiet and I really don't even hear it run. The increase in cooling was a great advantage as this fan is larger than the installed case fans. It has solved my cooling problems and then some. I would highly recommend this fan.
I proudly have a pair of [white] ones. Amazon.com only sells them in black, but if you go to Warehouse123.com, they can sell you white ones. May be more expensive, but if you want [white], that's what you have to pay. It was all in the sake of my iPod to match it's whiteness. They are also available on SonyStyle.com for about $50.The earphones will be the same, regardless of color. (Of course.)Sound: The sound is awesome! Because of it's superior quality and closed-type design, you can re-listen to every little sound, echo, filters to acapellas... it's amazing how much details you can hear. It really does pick up EVERY single sound. Imagine this in the aspect of working with digital images. Most earphones can only provided so much sound... let's say 200% zoom. These will provided you with minimum 600% zoom. So that's really good. Bass is great too, you just need to make sure you have the right sized silicon earpieces on the earphones to perfectly fit your ears so they will pick up the bass. Otherwise, if you put on ear coverings that are too small, you will get no bass at all.Design: It looks great... again, I prefer the white ones. The biggest problem I noticed previous reviewer's reviews was that the cord for the earphones were too short. I thought it couldn't be that bad... but they really are. From the part that the cord splits to the individual earpieces, you'll have 15 inches of cord to connect to your music player. Basically, you have to be holding it next to your neck for it not to be jerking your head around. It comes with an extension cord, that makes it longer. It is approx. 35 inches, almost 3 feet. So... that will definitely give you more cord space. The extension cord in my opinion did not weigh the headphones down at all. Just note that the reason why the cord is so short is because the headphones are "remote-friendly". Thus, ideal for music players with remotes as many Sonys do as well as the remote offered for iPods.Another part of the design is that the earpieces don't exactly split up into two pieces and go straight up to your ears. Like most Sonys... one of the individual earpiece's cords is short, while the other one is long. You wear the short one to your left ear, the other goes around the back of your head to the other ear (the long one). I prefer this design over the common one because you don't have those situations where the cord runs into your neck or face...Comfort: I tried the small silicon earpieces, but they were too small and I did not get any bass. Though it was comfortable and I did not feel it at all due to the ultra light-weight of the earbuds. To get bass I had to wear the larger silicon ear coverings, which was very similar in feeling to wearing a doctor's stethoscope. It's just one of those things that you have to get used to, but once you start listening to music you dont's notice it as much. But bass is necessary to have... small price to pay. After wearing a few days, you get used to the feeling.Price: For the quality of sound... this is definitely a good bargain compared to other similar earphones of the same price range.Conclusion: Could be improved definitely, comfort for in-ear type earphones is tricky... and it's definitely one of the better ones in that area. Sound quality is exceptional.*Personal notes:- The in-ear feeling may be very, very uncomfortable at first. But no need to worry, you get used to it in a matter of minutes with music playing. After a few days of wearing them, you'll have no uncomfortableness at all. Just be sure to test all earpieces out to find the perfect one. One way to make sure is play a song with good bass. The earpieces with the best bass reception is the perfect fit.- Make sure to be careful with the earpieces. The earpieces may fall out at times, not on its own but it's not un-ordinary to get earphones tangled up or dropped.
Ordered a 12 cell extended life battery for my HP Pavilion laptop that had a one year warranty. Battery lost over 80% of life in 10 months and after 6 emails to get warranty service, my one year expired! Point being, they don't honor their warranties and will not even reply to your emails! This company should be removed from Google for their shady dealings with warranty items. I had heard that the company was going out of business, but could not confirm, but after 6 emails, you would think they would answer just to get rid of me!So, Word to the wise! They look like they have great prices, but their warranty isn't worth a plug nickel when their battery dies. And their refusal to reply to emails shows they are a poor choice to do business with, unless you are looking for a cheap battery that will only last 6 months and has no warranty!I seldom slam a company unless they are taking advantage of people with lousy service and phony warranties! An this company seems to be at the top of the list at the moment!BUYERS BEWARE!! THEY WILL NOT HONOR THEIR WARRANTY OR REPLY TO YOUR INQUIRIES!
Love this Monopod!Until finding this unit, I was always searching for a good monopod which could collapse into a small enough length to carry around when I go to conferences. This may be the smallest unit available when collapsed IMHO.This unit is sturdy enough to hold a small digital SLR, a point and shoot unit, or small camcorder. I would not use this for larger camcorders or an SLR with a large lens since this monopod will begin to bow and could get damaged it if not careful.
I recently purchased a couple of these for family members, and they love it. It allows you freedom to move, work-out, or watch tv at night without disturbing others. Although it's one of the less expensive models Sennheiser makes, it oddly is more durable, and not as prone to break, as most of the costlier models eventually do. A design flaw, a cheap plastic part, causes the earpiece to break, thus making it never fit snugly again. I've experienced this in at least three of their other models, complained, yet, it appears this flaw still persists. However, this model seems a bit more immune to this problem.Sound quality is very good, of course not for high-fidelity purists, but for the price, it's very, very good!
This is a joke...there are constant problems with getting it to print and scan. The only function that works is the fax...so if you want use it solely as a fax, then by all means buy it. The cartridges are used up with a few photos. I had to buy 6 cartridges each color to complete a few photos. A nightmare that I paid for! I will never buy another HP again!
Really great little lens. Easy to use and wonderful picture quality. You get a lot of bang for your buck!
I have bought a number of thermos bottles for my husband, who uses one all day long to keep his water hot for his "chimarrao", a special type of green tea (from southern Brazil). Finally I hit the jackpot with this thermos. He told me today that if someone set out to make a thermos that keeps your water hot for over 12 hours, doesn't leak a single drop, is unbreakable, is easy to carry and travel with (due to the collapsible handle, they certainly got it right with this one. Normally he has to pour out the water and reheat it. With this one, it's always hot and with the large capacity he has enough hot water to last all morning. Isn't it great to buy a product and find it's just exactly what you wanted and lives up to the advertising hype?
I have gone through four of these types of FM Transmitters. One was powered by the iPod. I don't recommend that type as it sucks your battery dry quickly. The one I am replacing this time worked alright, but was bulky and finally stopped working correctly. I was happy when I plugged this one in and effortlessly synced FM stations and got CD quality sound. Another nice feature is that you don't have to switch it on. When it is plugged in it is live when the radio is tuned to that station and does not affect any other stations if you are listening or scanning other stations. The only thing I wish someone would add is a bit of amplification. Every transmitter I've used requires you to turn your iPod volume up almost all the way and then you still have to turn your stereo volume up much higher than normal. Obviously, if you forget to adjust both volumes down before using either next time, you will blast your eardrums or speakers.
Obviously the people who gave this five stars have never used an Ipod or iTunes. The software for this devcie is clunky at best. The controls are terrible. The screen is murky and the entire device is cheap and plasticky feeling and looking. Is this really the best iRiver can do?
Purchased this one mainly due to the price. As I'd expected the sound quality was fair. Not great compared to my Sony one. When I play games I can tell the difference right away. The sound on this one is sorta muffled. It is quite comfortable to wear though overtime I do feel like my head is being squeezed. I would probably buy something else bit more pricey next time hoping to get better sound quality and comfort. Good luck
cheaply made (even for a super mass produced product from china).The unit I received was defective and it is on its way back for a refund.btw, if you insist of getting this, bear in mind that it supports drives of no more than 120gb.
I have owned the Garmin Nuvi 350 for 3+ years. I've read the reviews from Consumer Reports (CR) which gave it high marks so I purchased the unit based on that. Wrong move! The biggest fustration for me was powering on the unit and waiting at least 5 minutes to pick up a signal. Sometimes even longer...sigh. Thinking my unit might've been a fluke I recommended my sister to buy the same unit. Guess what, same satellite reception problem. She had to buy an add-on antenna to alleviate the problem. But the reception time was still slow compared to her friends' Magellans or TomToms. In retrospect, I regretted buying the Nuvi 350. I blame CR for recommending such a product and myself for trusting their recommendations without research. Read the other reviews here on Amazon; they tell the whole story!
It works well and does the job. It makes a little switching click when a call arrives which I don't mind. I think it introduces a little bit of sound degradation, but it wasn't enough for me to bother to unplug the phone and compare.I use it for international land-line calls (skypeout) and the quality is still far superior to what I was getting from comcast hands down.I only use it on windows xp (so I can't speak for vista), and as a matter of principle, I never bother with device drivers that come on a supplied cd-rom media because almost always there is a newer version on-line. I downloaded the drivers from d-link website (indeed it was a newer version) and installation went without a hitch.
The DSI Pro II is not a terrible camera, but:1. It's behind the times. Spend the money on something newer, even if that costs more.2. It runs under 32-bit Windows. Period. And Meade so far has not been forthcoming with a 64-bit driver.3. Meade is notoriously unfriendly to software developers, further compounding the driver issue, greatly.In summary: steer clear. You get what you pay for. Meade has been blowing it for several years now; go with another vendor.
Like jsut about everything else Bose sells these are way overpriced. The Sennheiser PCX250's sound much better and cost less than half as much.
The keyboard was warped when I got it so it rattled when typing. Some reviews I read also had this issue with their keyboards. Also the right leg snapped right off under little to no pressure. Finally Visikey said i would get a full refund including the shipping but only gave me a refund for the keyboard itself. So I had to pay shipping both ways for a defective product.
Compared to stock iPod phones, these are an improvement, but absolutely nothing compared to "real" headphones: Ety er4p, Senn 280, Senn 580, Grado 80 (I own them all).The sound quality is quite mediocre, but I listen to it at such low volumes it hardly matters.At work I don't like sitting with full size phones and the etys, while superb, isolate me too much so these are a nice default.I use it in the office when I need a little bit of isolation from the background noise but not too much isolation so I cannot respond when someone asks me a question.... and they are shiny too..
I've been using mice since the 128k Macintosh in 1984 and this is the best ever. The shape and feel are perfect. I can really wrap my hand aorund and sort of "into" the mouse. I found it easy to get out of the package by popping it out out of the plastic. It is overpacked to impress on the shelf. Also I'm still trying to figure out how to customize the buttons using the Macintosh driver software which is why I knocked it down one star. Logitech does not have a good track record with Macintosh drivers and is inconsistent about which of it's products have Mac drivers. Make sure you fully charge the battery before using and let the battery exhaust itself one time before you recharge it. this will allow for the best battery life.
I actually bought this 2 years ago to replace my iPod battery (which I later learned wasn't dead, but my cord was the problem) and it still works well today. Not sure on the ease of use. iPods suck for replacing batteries. I'm just glad my iPod works! The caps of my iPod are less sturdy than before, but I think that's an inevitability of the iPod's design.
When I got these adjusted right, the sound quality was incredible. The sound is double what you get for the equally fractioned price of Sennheiser HD497 headphones, which themselves are an incredible deal.Unfortunately, I can't stand to wear them. They are in-canal earphones, which means the padded tip has to go inside the part of your ear where your mother and doctor always told you not to stick anything. I tried the smallest of the various sizes of pads that were included, and there is no way I would want to wear them for any length of time. I then tried the other sizes and types and the result was the same. Not matter which pads I used, I couldn't get the good sound without not wanting to wear them. And if they don't fit in tight enough, the sound quality is lost.If anyone is able to wear these comfortably, I don't doubt these earphones will get a 5-star review. But I sure can't. Unless 100 other people write a review and say I am nuts, don't buy these anywhere that you can't return them after trying them.
Says what it does and does what it says, plain and simple. Despite some reviews claiming that inserting the drive was tough, I found it a breeze and this is the first HD/external enclosure setup I've ever assembled. Perhaps HDs are now more standard in size?It's MUCH faster than the Maxtor external I bought a few years ago. MUCH faster. It also didn't balk at my 800GB drive; larger drives often choke cheap enclosures that can't handle such capacities, I've heard. It's been extremely reliable, and I've had it for the better part of a year now. I think reliability with these products, aside from heat dissipation, is often more a judgment on the DRIVE'S quality than the enclosure's.I'd have given it a perfect 5 stars if it had only included an eSATA option for the price. Of course, I've been looking for that perfect trifecta of USB/firewire/eSATA, finding little of that and ridiculous prices so maybe that's asking too much. Go on, spend a few bucks more for an enclosure like this one that won't give you any grief or hidden surprises.
Now that what I said in the title, why do you want to read more?hehehNo time?Ya better make time, unless you have money to throw out the window.Is that a confusing statement and seeing the five (5) star rating on this product?Maybe..... read more to clear this up a bit.Amazon won't let me post a detailed review due to space limitations.So, here it is;The bottom line of this review is; I tested all players available at Circut City store and I found this unit is better suited for my needs. It may not be for yours, but then again, that's why there are so many models out there.My best advice;Go to a store where you can test all of the units offered and see for yourself.Read opinions as a reference, not as a decision to purchase anything.If you do, I have a slightly used bridge in New York for sale if interested ;)Just gimme a call and we'll make a deal.BTW, Circuit City has the same price as Amazon and no delivery charge or hassle to send it back to the seller.
Very nice looking, close fitting with a backplate to fit either full size iPod. Screen and scroll wheel cover. The scroll wheel cover does not inhibit scroll wheel movement at all unlike some cases I have owned. Currently my favorite iPod case and I have had quite a few.
These are great headphones and a steal at he price. Beats the pants of Bose. Very well made, very comfortable, and sound fantastic. i did a lot of research before buying these and am very pleased with my decision. Nothing else even comes close for the price.
I can't stand any kind of ear bud phone inserted into my ear and needed something for flying and working in the office that also isolated noise. it also needed to be small and foldable for travel. I've owned lots of headphones in the past and after a lot of research decided to try these out. They come in a very nice box that is almost Apple-like in presentation. The headphones themselves are well made, nice looking, and seem sturdy for their small size. Sound is excellent! Better than Bose or Sennheiser at about 1/3rd of the price. Highly recommended.
The 512 MB MuVo N200 is my 7th mp3 player of a fleet which includes 3 pre-iPod devices, an iPod 2nd generation, a Mini iPod, and the new Dell DJ. I really love the Mini and the Dell DJ, but the MuVo N200 approaches perfection. It is small, but not too small (to get lost). It works flawlessly with audible.com (my #1 use) unlike the iPod which continually shut down and started the book over-and-over. I use the MuVo while running or working out. I have nothing negative to say about this device. I can't even reproduce the buzzing noise others have noted when the backlighting is turned on. And speaking of lights, the bright lights of the marketing blitz for the iPod shuffle could cast this device into the shadows. Don't be fooled by massive marketing and fawning reviews - you can have it all - small size AND a screen (and an FM radio, digital recorder, and accessories). And did I mention real buttons? (Can anyone imagine virtual buttons on clothing or a Click Wheel for a zipper? Give me the real thing.)
Pros: Great shots; Long battery lifeCons: A bit bulky, unintuitive learning curve for some features. Lens flaps tend to stick over time on power up.Summary: I bought one of the sexy, tiny, waterproof, shockproof, does-your-laundry Olympus's at about the same time as this one...and must say that this camera outdoes it and a lot of its competition in picture quality. That goes double in sunlit conditions.I hadn't replaced my digital camera for years, and being able to interchange lenses on a sub-$400 camera is mindblowing to me...way to go, Canon!The fact that it takes 4 standard "AA" batteries is a double-edged sword, with generic rechargeables and cheap alkalines readily available, as well as unbelievable battery life. Almost two months and I haven't changed them yet. Still, it makes it a bit less travel worthy from bulk, as does the protruding power lens which is always a danger of extending in my ever packed briefcase where I'm forced to carry it on business. Still, the flush set power button is well designed to help eliminate that problem.I'd say my only serious beef with this otherwise fine piece of equipment is the fact that a few features that should be quickly and intuitively available are not. Thumbnails in review mode involves zooming out, which took me a while to figure out--yes, I figure this out on business travel wihtout benefit of the admittedly ample documentation manuals. Flash on/off, macro functions and timer are not that hard to get to, but when you're new to this camera and need to toggle through menus onscreen that have little or no symbolism on the camera's body to guide you, you're going to lose some prime photo opportunities.Still, if you like Canons and want very good value for money, this one is a winner. AND YES, YOU CAN SAFELY IGNORE THE OUTDATED PRICE...NOT SURE IF AMAZON IS STILL A LEGITIMATE WAY TO GET THIS OLDER MODEL.
This was my first experience using double layer media for burning, so while I have no reference points to go by, I must say I've not had a bad disc so far. I promise to update this review if things begin to change.I have two versions of Nero (6 and 8) on two very different computers, and I've noticed that they both automatically lower the burn rate to 4X (though I can pump it up to 6X on Nero 6) and wonder if speed accounts for the fact that "lesser" brands fail more often. I even have one of the hated Sony burners in my Core Duo 2 laptop with Nero 8, and it works, despite being HUGELY slower than with a Lite-On drive installed in my ancient AMD64 desktop.My only gripe with this product is, oddly, what drew me to it in the first place: the price. At $40.48 for a 30 pack you're looking at $1.35 per disc. I find it hard to believe that in this day and age, when the product cycle for optical discs of this sort is quite mature, that it costs this much to produce them. Can it really be more than double the cost of two single layer discs which can be had for 20 to 30 cents each at fairly reliable quality? Perhaps...I've never made them myself. I will conclude in Verbatim's defense that this is the lowest price point short of the widely maligned Memorex discs. That's why I chose them, and all in all I'm quite happy.P.S.--It might be interesting to hear from those who have used both these and the cheaper Memorex discs to see if patterns in why things head south do so. I'll let you know if I decide to bite the bullet and try the competition at some point.
I'm a pretty die hard Casio fan, so this may come off as a rave review. Having had two of an earlier generation of this calculator that ran flawlessly for fourteen years (with heavy daily use), locating another was a no-brainer. This is a great unit, especially for retail use since it figures sales tax with a special button. The keys are large enough to handle women's fingernails and 45+ year old eyeballs...both important in my world.The paper roll print option is nice to have; only gets turned on during year end inventory, but is good as an additional function.I strongly endorse this and the other Casio calculators. They're great.
Seagate drives are rock solid.Am buying the second one now.Great for removable backups or Network Attached drive.Fast video capture is one of the best use for this drive.You can't feed video fast enough for this drive to hesitate.Handle it easy.
First digital recorder for me and found this one to be excellent. It does everything it says in the standard play mode. For 180 minutes, you have to put up with quite a reduction in sound quality. But if you are recording your own voice and can be near the mike, it will easiy be recognizable. Doesn't do too well to pick up a discussion. For the one hour standard format, it is a winner with many good features. .... The weight is light and really easy to carry around. I had been using a good Lanier and will still use that for picking up groups of voices or speakers at a distance.
I use these at work at the time. They are compatible with all of the PDAs, cameras and laptops we test and make transferring data very easy. I use them very heavily and have about a dozen on my desk at any one time and I haven't had one go bad yet.
I've bought other Kingston products and have never had any problems. If you need a 1GB micro SD card then this is it.
The fancy little slide-over piece that is supposed to protect the plug is really hard to click out of the open or closed positions. It's almost painful. It's also almost pointless. The cover only slides forward to the edge of the plug, so the front end of it is just as exposed as it would be without the cover.I almost dropped it to 3 stars due to this lame feature, but it IS still cute and tiny and cool, and the fact is...that's why I picked it over so many other options. :)The transfer speed is not as blazingly fast as the more expensive USB drives, but it's faster than some of the generic drives I have used and still cheap. A good deal overall.
Bought it when it was like 60 bucks. It's pretty sturdy and it has lasted so far. It's light but it's a little fatter than the ones that are available now like the cruzer mini. One more thing is that the plastic is very thin, so if you hit it with a hammer it will definitely break, or someone stepping on it by accident.
I loved this little printer but sadly they don't make it anymore. Nice picture quality, inexpensive ink. It's a little noisy but for the price and performance, very acceptable.
The best thing to have... to cover that annoying LCD display at night.You can not turn it off!Well worth the money and I love it.
I was one of the first to reveal that a bit of masking tape placed over the tiny window would extend the cartridge life by more than 40%. Since that time, I've stumbled upon this very informative video.The Light Bulb ConspiracyThe Untold Story of Compulsory Planned ObsolescenceIt appears I'm not allowed to promote websites in these review. I've put enough to help anyone wanting to watch this. You can figure out what's needed in order to watch this below.[...]Pass it on...
Bought this to boost speed on my HP Mini 110. It was so easy to install and there is a differnece in speed. Although not quite as much as some reviews may lead you to believe, at least not with my netbook. Works perfectly on my HP Mini and nothing to do after it's installed. I didn't have to go into BIOS or anything. Nice price too!
I feel I'm being a little redundant but like so many others have said, an HDMI cable is an HDMI cable. No need to spend big bucks. Plugged it in and now a beautiful HD picture for my LCD TV.
I bought this to use a desktop in my garage which is about 50 feet from my router. I loaded the disc, plugged it in and it worked. I do use the Windows LAN connection instead of the Trendnet because it seems more reliable. Overall, this is exactly the product I was looking for and at a great Amazon price.
Yes, the little rubber sides do fall off after a while. I just super glued them back on permanently! The mouse is just too perfect to dispose of over a silly little thing like that.
Like other cheap optical mice I've had from lesser-known manufacturers, it installs quickly and fits the bill perfectly for a while. Soon, the left mouse button develops "multiple-click" syndrome due to worn internal contacts and clicks random numbers of multiple times causing menus to open and close, or links to jump several ahead. Oh well, at this price maybe for a quick fix it's worth ordering, though my ten year old mice thrown in with new computers still work today so it may be a case of "they just don't build'em like they used to..."
First off, OCZ is a great little secret. High quality memory at a bargain price! Now the voltage issue. If you purchased this memory with the gold heatsinks you`ll see it requires 2.1 volts to operate. Problem is most OEM systems ie: Dell, Gateway, HP, etc., have the voltage and speed settings disabled in their bios. Some are set to run DDR2 memory at 400MHz, 1/2 the speed of these for "stability" they say. Your only option is to find modified bios for your system that will unlock the speed and voltages. Now if you have the newer version of these with the black heatsinks, they run at 1.8 volts, and will run in anything. But your motherboard may show the speed at less than 800MHz due to the bios restrictions. Again, modified bios the only answer. You can download CPU-Z for free to see the speed your memory is running at. Don`t blame the memory for running slow, or DOA if your motherboard will not let you adjust the settings in the bios. Put blame where it belongs, your computer manufacturer!
The Coby CS-MP77 75-Watt High Performance MP3 Speaker System has a pretty nice sound for the price. It's not a Bose but the quality is very decent. I bought this as a gift for my girlfriend and ended up returning it though, as it was just not loud enough for her. She was also suprised by how good it sounds but she was afraid she couldn't here it over the noise of her exercise bike.
The story so far...Cheap headphones have improved a lot since I last bought a new pair many years ago, and this model is a perfect example.I discovered the general improvement when I recently bought the new Sandisk Sansa. The Sansa itself was amazing for the price, but I was also impressed by the quality of the included headphones. Not only are they better than any other "free" headphones, they are also better than some older headphones for which I had paid actual money.That good news quickly made me nervous because Sandisk's headphones aren't available separately if I need a new pair, thus prodding me into shopaholic mode and beginning a search for good cheap headphones.Whatever advance has been made in cheapo headphone manufacturing, Sony has it. They are efficiently loud without having to crank up the player's volume. Highs and lows play clearly. The physical shape of the earbuds fits well in my ears.There are of course better earbud headphones available, but not for this price. I am not going to go into detail and explain any deficiencies here because they are very minor considering the overall quality for the price.
I love this tiny little mp3 player. It came with a chord, so I can hang it around my neck when I go walking or exercise. (My niece's did not, so I had to put it in my pocket or carry it in an awkward pouch.) The battery life is very good.My only problem is that I can't get the video I purchased to download to the program. I've tried to find help, but I came up empty handed. This could be the fault of the device or maybe my own. I'm usually pretty good with electronics though. (BTW, if someone knows how to get a WMV video to upload, I'd love to know too.)
Always but the best... this is one of them.Well made and the audio is perfect. There ARE differences in cables, don't let anyone tell you otherwise.If you don't care, buy anything.I need good audio and don't mind spending more money on a better product.
Small and beautiful. Not sure how else to describe this neat little tablet. Pretty thin but that's to be expected. And the fact that it is bluetooth is well-worth the extra expense... I haven't tried it, but apparently it works from up to 30 feet away. I've used both the mouse and the pen and the response is fantastic.Setup is a breeze with seemingly robust drivers... the total install time for my Mac was about one minute and I was up-and-running. No problems with detection by software either.The tablet comes with a clear plastic removable cover to protect the tablet surface (it unhooks easily using slides on either side of the tablet). Even with the cover in place, the pen still works... though not of course for pressure-based drawing.I haven't yet reprogrammed the two keys on the tablet face, but I believe this is straightforward and don't expect a problem. It is, after all, a Wacom. :)The pen can also be reversed for automatically changing the use to be that of an eraser... the pen also comes with a nifty little holder to keep it upright on your desk plus it can be tucked away into the body of the tablet itself so it is somewhat out-of-the-way until you need it.All in all... I love it!It's worth mentioning also that the install process invited me to take a 20% discount off popular software (eg. Toon Boom Studio) so that might be worth knowing. They made it sound like a customer appreciation thing, so it is likely not a temporary offer... however, check to make sure if it is important and a deal-breaker to you of any sort.
The printer hacks and gags for 3 minutes every time you power it on. It's slow. You can't use non-HP ink cartridges for it. It's less than a year old and now the magenta printing doesn't work at all. The print quality is excellent but the other problems offset the pretty printing. Getting service via telephone is impossible. Getting service via instant chat takes hours! This is a waste of money, and extremely frustrating. HP should be ashamed of itself.
Tried many other products, including Manfrotto.. the longer slide-in version, but that became a hassle and it was way too heavy, kinda kluge unit. Hesitent to buy another Manfrotto product, but got this set to find out if the quality is better. This unit is far better than other Manfrotto QR setup. Works everytime and SECURE! No way this unit can come lose and hit the floor.I like the fast click-ON and click-OFF method to change it fast.When you do Gun-n-Run shooting ya can't fool with sliding QR assembly. I converted all my vid-cams and DSLR to this unit and never looked back.Buy one and give it a shot... see if this is what you need.Wish the price would be less, kinda pricy for a Chinese or Italian product.UPDATE:This unit will be used in one of our product because it is so well designed. Our product will be a Video cam-stabilizer platform of a different kind.You have not seen anything like that, three years in the making and testing in the real-world.Manfrotto was chosen as the best QR system by us after testing everything on the market for a reasonable price.
There is no point repeating what others already said.The only ting I can add, this is a perfect head for videography. Use this for our slider platform mount for a camcorder.Selected this unit because it already had the BEST QR plate mount that we use on all our cameras and camcorders :)A note for those who think this QR plate is difficult remove. It is NOT. You just have to get use to the SAFETY feature of this QR design. There are no 'accidents' when you remove the camera as with others that allows without a safety stop. Cameras has been dropped with other QR mounts, so we use this model for everything.Granted, it takes a bit to get use to it, but we have this QR plate assembly on nearly 50 cameras and camcorders, steadycams, shoulder rigs tripods and assorted mounts.
Do not buy it:1. This ad was misleading because this picture of polaroid 600 film item did not match what I ordered.2. I think that description of item was not enough accuracay beause expiration date.3. This is suck.
Setup was easy. There is plenty of hard drive space to hold the shows I record. Interface is easy to use. This product works as advertised! Commercial skip works automatically most of the time. ReplayTV will change the way you watch television. I am a completely satisfied customer.Negatives:-You cannot really channel surf with the ReplayTV because there is a multi-second recording delay to buffer the content coming in.-Steep lifetime activation fee
Finding the perfect camera bag is like finding the perfect mate. It's a painful, expensive, and trecherous ordeal. But so rewarding when you finally find the right one. For me this bag is it. Be a good shopper and read the less than glowing reviews because they do have a point, this is not an easy bag to use. Which works well for me as I frequently travel with a camera and it's big battery grip attached. And my laptop. And a ton of other stuff. Everything fits and is easy to access. Once you get the bag opened. That is the bag's oddest feature, the way it opens. When it's closed everything is safe and secure and nobody can reach in and grab anything while you're not looking. Not even you. Great for traveing. Once you're in shooting mode and have it open it's a joy to use. Happy shooting!
I fly 12,000 miles per month. My company gives me a sucky Dell Latitude D600 running Windows 2000. This card rocks. Used together with my Bose Quiet Comfort 2 headphones I get awesome sound for music, games and movies.
I ordered these earbuds based on Amazon reviews and Sennheiser's reputation. They just arrived and aside from the fact that the cord was constructed so that one side was 6 inches longer than the other, the sound on these is hideous, It is tinny and distorts easily. These things sound like something you would get as a prize in a Cracker Jack box. This is the first time in years that a product I have purchased from Amazon is so totally different than the reviews describing it. Save your $50 and spend it on earbuds that work.
This cable has embarrased me and my team in front of important audiences. First off, you can't switch the input to the projector back to the first laptop until 30 seconds after you switched to the second. This is a painfully long wait if you happen to switch to the wrong laptop by accident.In another presentation this piece of junk began to aoutomatically switch back to the previous laptop about 15 seconds into presenting from the second.I strongly discourage the purchase of this switch.
If you've been waiting for CDs to be replaced by DVDs, and are starting to become a bit impatient 'cos it doesn't seem to be happening, this unit maybe just what you'll need right now during this painfully slow transition period.CD writing ability of this drive is generally fairly good, although I did find that there was one particular major brand of CD-R which caused the drive to almost hang up, and was unable to make any sort of successful recordings on it. Otherwise, the qualities of the recordings were very consistent. However, older drives might have problems in reading CDs created by this drive. One other problem detected was the inconsistencies between the size of files to be recorded (as reported by the bundled software) and the actual size of the recordings made, which means quite often you'll find that you're unable to pack in all the files you originally planned.DVD reading is adequate and satisfactory. As usual, the quality DVD video playback will be greatly enhanced if accompanied by a decent graphics card and/or hardware decoder. The speed of the drive should be sufficient for any DVD videos, and if there are any pauses during playback (which there weren't many at all), it is probably due to the quality of the laser pickup.To summarise, there is nothing exciting or outstanding about this unit, but its major selling point is that it is extremely good-value for what it does, and also saves a lot of space. Be warned that the unit does heat up quite a bit while it is on (even when it's not actually recording!), although I don't think that should cause any problems. And like most multi-function-in-one devices, don't expect it will last very long.
High-end cameras and other similar machines often suffer from a common fault. The'll have loads of features, but their too damn complicated. I'm pleased to say that this is not the case with the 20D. If you spend some time at the beginning and read the instruction manual (fairly well written) you'll find that the camera is pretty easy to use. My other digital camera, a far less feature-laden compact point-and-shoot, is a lot more difficult. So even if you're new to photography in general or to DSLRs in particular, don't be intimidated by this camera. It's really user-friendly.Everything they say is true. Great operational times (very important in a camera), incredible battery life (at first I thought something was wrong with the battery icon--it kept showing a full charge after hundreds of snaps), and excellent performance with high ISOs. Coupled with the 17-85 IS lens I can take indoor and other low-light shots that I've never been able to do before, and photography has been my hobby for decades.Early reviews of this camera mentioned a louder-than-normal shutter release. I don't notice it. In fact, the sound of the release, like everything else on this camera, says "quality.Having said this, I do have one complaint. The AWB (auto white balance) is terrible in incandescent lighting. You absolutely must set the WB to tungsten if you're going to shoot indoors without flash. Even then your images will be orange. This is OK for me, since I do my own editing and can correct the color balance, but this could be a problem if you don't do your own printing.
I've been using this drive for about 9 months now. I am very satisfied. The FireWire 800 is very fast with my iMac. I'm going to get another one soon. The drive is very quiet and has given me no troubles at all.
I've owned this product for several months now and feel it is time to give up. It works fine as a GPS, but not as a PDA. Windows Mobile 5.0 performs very slowly on this unit. The wireless loses contact with routers that are in the same room, and cannot be counted on to hold a signal for more than a few minutes. The machine requires several soft resets per day due to lock-ups. I've had to do several hard resets as it will suddenly mysteriously delete programs and have other problems that require factory resets. This then requires an update to the newer TomTom maps, which can take several hours.Nice concept. Poor implementation. Not recommended.UPDATE 8/29/07 or How to Get Lost in Iowa: I just used this to guide me from Madison, WI to Taylorsville, UT. I was very disappointed by the performance in Iowa. Even the recently updated (Spring 07) TomTom maps were deficient. I'd be driving along on major state roads and it would suddenly tell me to turn because it thought I was off the road by several hundred yards. Then it would suddenly place me back on the road. The small town maps are inaccurate. In short, I now find this product virtually useless. Shuch a shame. HP used to make good products.
Had no idea something so small could keep items together so well. I love them and used them to keep corners of the Safco wire shelves tighter.
Go to Google videos and search for "how to pick kensington lock". Maybe Kensington has improved the product since then. I don't know.
Works perfectly for my Apple TV to Apple Stereo connection. All Digital now and crystal clear! I thought the product quality was excellent with very good fit and finish.
I agree with the previous positive reviews on this page. This was a simple plug & play, no hassles at all.
Ive tried several types of headphones and they all pale in comparison to these. Nothing-and i mean nothing i tried even comes close to the quality of these. Ive tried everything from cheap to not-so-cheap. These are worth every cent. As far as some of the poor reviews about bass and sound quality i can only assume that it is the equipment that they are using to play their music through these ear buds. I have an Ipod Nano and i hear all the music...and i mean ALL of it. Not only are the headphones top notch but the customer service is as well. They come with a 2 year guarantee and they honor it with no questions asked. The casing cracked on mine and i sent them back. In less then a week i received a brand spanking new pair. Im a Shure customer for LIFE!
I don't know why Cyberguys doesn't have this in their hardcopy catalog? It should be because it is a good functional product.Even though it doesn't look like the pictures, the push buttons are better than a rotary switch, in my opinion. It is much smaller than the larger rotary box pictured (4" wide and a little over 1-inch high), which is also a good thing. Internally, it is a simple mechanical switch - no electronics.This is also good, because you have no compatibility issues between operating systems (i.e. Windows 98, XP, 7, Linux, etc.). I read what others have said about these electronic switches (much higher prices too) and they all seem to have compatibility issues. You can't have problems with this box because it is simply a switch soldered to a circuit board and a few USB connectors. Not even any internal wiring. Did I say no electronics?The case is sheet metal, which is yet another good thing. The box does have a type B USB input/output, but the (marked) A and B plugs are standard A type USB female. If you have an old USB printer cable laying around, you can use it to connect to the box's I/O plug.Simple, functional and perfect. What are these people complaining about? It's a good product all around. But I said that, didn't I.Just push the button. What could be simpler. I bought two, and they both work good. Did I said that before?
I use it to listen to dvds on my mac laptop which has the worst speakers in the world. Crystal clear and can go in plane or car. I am very happy!
iPod works fine. Download all your CDs to iTunes, and then synch the iPod. Or buy a song from iTunes online store. I used my iPod on airline flights (heard that kid crying a few rows away, poor kid, poor parents, been there done that, but point is iPod sends your ears tunes instead of hearing the poor kid--wish it could help the poor kid with the aching ears). This 55 gig (it sells as 60 gig) iPod can hold over 14,000 songs, and that's about a full month of songs played 24/7, so my challenge is to fill it up. Essentially, you load your CD into your computer, download songs from the CD you like into iTunes, and then later plug in your iPod to get the downloads sent into the iPod. I bought Copy pod so i could move songs from one pc/iPod to another (sorry, ain't gonna sell anything to you or violate Apple's no-can-copy policy, Copypod is solely for my backup as I have 6 iPods of varying capacity--55 gig iPod to 3.7 gig Nano, mini, plus my wife's various iPods-- to load with my CDs, to listen to one at a time). Also, one can get a unit to sit on the desk top where one can plug in the iPod and play away without using the iPod ear-thingies (units available from Apple or Bose, I bought them both and reviewed). This iPod setup works very nicely. Would all our technology arrangements work so well. A fabulous product.Update here a few months later--still the same recommendation, a very nice unit. It is also nice to pace through iTunes on my PC to play songs, as if the iPod didn't exist at all, iTunes is really easy and nice to use. And, for those of you travelling on planes, an iPod is the best thing to have when the baby starts crying a row or so ahead or behind or next to you. Just don't listen to it too much if you need to listen instead for delayed boarding announcements or gate changes at the airport--don't wanna miss your plane by listening to your music!
I have a very good experience with my old Pioneer DVD player, that's why I decided to purchase Pioneer again. The color and audio reproduction is very good for the price range. You also get top notch USB and DivX support. It's not free of faults, however. Let's go over the Pros and Cons:Pros:1. Excellent color reproduction (Sony DVP-NS77H has more vivid color however, but Pioneer's is by no mean less admirable)2. Excellent audio output for its class3. Well-designed remote4. User setup is very comprehensive for its class5. USB port (your flash drive must be formated in FAT file system)6. Plays a very impressive numbers of video/audio formats (DivX, MP3, WMA, burned DVDs/CDs etc)6. Excellent value7. Automatically switch to proper screen size (DVDs)8. Energy Star compliantCons:1. No Toslink S/PDIF (Digital optical sound)2. Low-quality optical drive3. Has problem reading scratched/warped VCD/DVD4. No LED power-on indicator near power buttonThat last problem can be annoying. It doesn't read anything more than a minor scratch. I would think it's due to the cheap optical drive it uses. I tried Sony DVP-NS77H, and it was no better, however. Only the expensive Toshiba HD-XA2 was able to read my Contact DVD reasonably. It's not the only DVD that gave me the problem.Since nowadays DVD players (HD and newer SD models) have long boot up time, and it takes about 10-second to boot up this one, having no power on indicator is a problem. You can see Pioneer's logo on the TV screen, but no LED lights or display on the console itself to tell the user it's on.Remote is excellent. I wish it's slightly heavier, instead of light-plasticky, but it's very well designed. Everything the user would use frequently is right there near the middle where your hand is locked in by the notch in the back. You don't see good remotes nowadays that come with cheap DVD-players often. No backlight, however, but it's intuitive enough.It has no Toslink (Optical audio cable), but the Coaxial audio (the one that looks like RCA) is excellent. It's the best audio quality I've heard from a DVD player that costs only $99.The setup screen gives you everything you need to tweak. It's comparable to my Toshiba XA2, but that one is a top-of-the-line HD-DVD player!!! You can select upscale resolution as well as more advanced stuff like picture colors. I disagree with people who think the menu is difficult to use. It's no harder than most newer DVD players. It has a lot of features that can overwhelm users however, but that's what manual is for (it's not an excellent manual, but one can get most information out of it).I upscaled my regular DVDs, and the output is amazing! You don't even have to touch the DVD player's color/hue settings (and it's advised you should always change those with your TV's controls with a color tuning DVD, such as Avia or Digital Video Essentials). The SD DVDs' output is almost as good as HD DVDs'.All upconverted video signal does not allow the pass through of CC signals (the TV close caption, not the DVD subtitle). If you need that, you'd have problem. I suggest you connect both component video cables (at 480i) as well as HDMI (at upconverted resolution of your HDTV monitor), so if you need CC, then use component video output and that should solve the problem (though of course, you'd see the video at a lower resolution).I have a Sony 50A3000 SXRD HDTV, and if you have something similar, I suggest you turn off all the motion enhancement features (there are three of them hiding in Video Options). If you don't, upconverted video signal compounded with motion enhancements will cause some funny distortion near the edges of display (look like fishbowl effect).My Toshiba XA2 for some odd reason, does not adjust screen size automatically so the entire picture will fill up the 16:9 screen. This much cheaper model does! You don't know how much time you can save with such convenient feature, you literally don't feel it (until you are deprived of it, of course).Overall, I believe it's the best upconverting DVD player you can buy for under $100.
This all in one came with my computer, and I rue the day that I didn't pay for an upgrade. At least twice a week I have to buy more ink cartridges.This is not a bargain; you will spend a fortune on ink.
Sound is muffled and poor, but you will get used to it. Good fit in ear. Good noise canceling. I went jogging with these daily for about 2-3 and the right earbud went dead. I'm not sure if it is due to the running, but my experience does agree with previous reviews about running causing the headphones to die. Do not buy if you're a jogger.
Sound quality is ok, poor fit in ear canal (falls out occasionally while jogging), silicone bits easily detach from earbuds.The fact that this is a cheap Chinese product that contains lead on the wire makes using this product rather disconcerting.
Do not let the overpriced cable manufacturers (Monster, I am looking at you) trick you into thinking you need their $100+ cables for a "true" HD experience. Since HD signals are digital, they are either "on" or "off" -- which means they will either work, or they won't. These $15 cables (at the time of this writing) work PERFECTLY to connect my Sony DVP-NC800H DVD player to my Sony Bravia Z-Series HD Set. I also used another one of these cables to hook up my XBOX 360 to the same TV set, and that also worked perfectly. Both devices are reported by the TV to be communicating in 1080p HD, wide screen mode. And both devices produce excellent color and excellent sound through the set (I LOVE that HDMI carries both signals in a single cable!). These cables are all you need to hook up your HDMI devices to your HDMI enabled TV -- unless you need longer ones for some reason, and in that case try to find equally cheap ones from Belkin or another provider. AVOID the insanely priced cables! The 0.001 frequency variances and whatnot that their overly expensive and shielded and gold coated cables provide you, is not worth the price.
I have this, also a Celestron 8 and a Meade LX200GPS-10". I use this one when I see something I want to see quick, or for just a few minutes observing. Easy to carry around, gives good images. When it's serious time, the Meade 10" is the one as it has 4 times the light gathering, but it's also heavy--have to carry the tripod out, then the scope, then attach the two. So for a nice look at the sky, and one that can be done quickly, with ease, this is a nice choice. Meade 10" gives great detail, it might show the features some of the reviewers have noted, but this 5" isn't gonna show a lot of details. Still, this is great to look at Orion, its nebulae, Pleaides, moon, planets, the bright stars, a few galaxies, bright moon around the planets. Also, I have a solar filter for this, so can quickly dash out to see if there are sunspots. Warning--the only solar filter that is allowable is one that fits over the front of the scope. Do not rely on one at the eyepiece--the heat may crack it and then your eye is toast. The solar filter over the front is essentially a mirror--you can hold it up before a 100 watt light bulb and you can barely see the filament, it relects away that much light. That still lets in all the sun's rays you need--DO NOT use anything at the eyepiece, get a good solar filter at the front of the scope (and don't forget to cover the finder scope, it can still concentrate enough rays to hurt an eye.) Uh, back to the 5" scope, it is a nice thing to have, I'd buy it again, Meade did a nice job with it.And, a rating of this product in stars seems appropriate, I'll give it 5 for what it does. But this isn't going to show colored galaxies like you see in pictures, don't get your expectations too high for any amateur scope unless you are a real expert in taking long-duration pictures through it.
I am in love with my old BTC mini-keyboard, but unfortunately it has the old style PS/2 connection. My new computer offers only USB ports. So I was stuck with a lousy second-rate keyboard that made double-characters or skipped characters at whim.I ordered a new keyboard from Amazon. Lucky for me, I also ordered this little gadget, in hopes that if the new keyboard was not satisfactory, I could use my beloved BTC mini with this converter.The new keyboard was far more disappointing than I ever imagined possible (see my review). I simply cannot use it. So I plugged this converter into a USB port (without turning my computer off first!), plugged in my old BTC, and BOOM.... it works. Perfectly. I am so happy! I love this old BTC mini, and I've never found any keyboard to come close to it's feel and ease of use. This gadget allows me to use it again. I'm very pleased.
I hadn't used a night vision device much before, and I got this because I had a little disposable income to dispose of. It really does a good job of bringing vision to the evening darkness, sort of like I imagine a cat or owl would see. To someone who doesn't know what this is or does, it's about as big as your hand, so it's portable. Has zoom feature (click to zoom, release and it's back to normal), brightness adjustment, and focus. A well-made, sturdy device, not flimsy. And it shows you stuff outside when it's dark out and your eyes are hopelessly incapable of gathering enough light to see anything. If you wanted to be in a cave, it'd be nice if you had it there to show you what was around you in the cave. Or I guess in the basement looking to see if that was a mouse running around, without turning on the lights. Maybe you are boating around at night and want a better look at what's ahead. Or the subway stops and all the lights go out (uh, a bit too big to carry around all the time for such a circumstance). Dunno. It really does work to show you things, sorta like a black-white TV image of the world when your eyes can't see a thing. You figure out if you need it.
I go to an occasional football or other sports game, and would like to get closer to the action. Or I'd like to look at the stars, or at a bird in a tree, or to see what that stick is that is resting on my roof, or whatever. The image stabilizing thing is great. It's not a marketing hype, something that sounds nice but is so-so when using. The I/S feature really is great--it removes all the hand-holding shaking from the view, and keeps things really really focused on what you are looking at. You can get some drift, which means the thing you are looking at can gradually move out of the field of vision, cuz of your hands/arms are gradually moving away from it. But you can get it right back in. I think how this thing works is that when you click the I/S button (on top of the binocs, easy to find), there is a built-in feed back that takes part of the image and keeps it at the same spot no matter what slight movements you make--thus compensating for your shakes that no one can avoid, by slightly moving some of the prisms inside to keep the image the same, regardless of your small movements in holding the binocs. With the image kept at the same spot, your eyes can pick up more of it, see more detail (examples--moon, planets, stars)because your eye isn't chasing the image around as the binocs inevitably move around. It's not cheap to get this feature in the binocs, but these are my favorite for college football, seeing the stars, and so on. I also have their big brother, the 15x50, but those are heavier. When you press the stabilize button, you can feel a slight clunk in the unit (this is a good feature, cuz you can feel/hear it's turned on, sorta like feedback from a keyboard when you press a key, not a problem) and it does its magic. For a football game, take along extra batteries cuz you'll use the I/S button a lot, and you'll get mad if it runs out of power (due to prior use, etc.)--because you will have seen (no pun intended) how much you like the I/S feature! BTW, in a football game, you will get set on the quarterback or whoever else you are following, then click on the turn-on-I/S button, follow the play for 10 seconds, then let off the button saving the batteries. Then repeat half a minute or so later, etc.BTW, 15/50 Canon review would read about the same, except 10x30 are a lot less in cost, and the 15/50 are probably three times as heavy, but they work as well on holding a stable image. My 20x70 regular binocs don't get used much anymore, cuz one can't hold them as still without a tripod, but it's an issue of money as to if you want to pay for the I/S feature--probably triple the price of a non-I/S binoc. I'm glad I paid for it. I'm not a birder but I'm sure a birder would go ape (uh, mixed animals here) about the ability to stabilize an image--would also damp out small movements of a canoe you were sitting in, as well as normal arm/hand shakes. Good for a going to a big football game.
After the rebate, my model cost me 540 bucks and it is a great price for a good notebook. It does not have some thinkpad trademarks, like the "nipple", but what it does makes it a great buy: a solid build, a thinkpad-like keyboard, large hd, good parts, acceptable screen, and a very good battery - plus dvd-rw which is really good. It is a step back from thinkpads for sure, but the step is much smaller than the cutdown on a price.
I bought this camera a month ago and just got back from an extensive trip to China. I took 4 gigs of photos on my trip in every setting imaginable.I'll start with my only two gripes. First, this camera has THE WORSE lens cover I've ever seen. It pops off if it is barely touched. I have resorted to keeping it on with a rubber band. Second, the battery cover seems cheap and feels like it might break any minute. I open and close it VERRRRY carefully. So far, so good, but I'm amazed that a camera this great could have flaws as stupid as lens cap and battery door.WHAT I LOVE: This is my fourth digital camera. GREAT clarity, even at huge distances. I took a couple hundred photos w/o flash or tripod at a choir concert, from at least 100 feet away. I got BEAUTIFUL close-ups of the people, no problem. Yes, it is a bit grainy, BUT SO IS HIGH SPEED FILM! Gosh, I can't believe the gripes in these reviews re: graininess at high ISO. The quality and clarity of these high digital ISO shots are far superior to anything I shot with film.GREAT CLOSE-UPS. This has macro and super-macro. I do a lot of plant photography. FABULOUS macro.FACE DETECTION: I didn't think I'd use this much but I love it.CHOICE OF SETTINGS: I use the "Custom" setting and can mess with it to my heart's desire, then save the settings. Wow. I love that. If you are an AUTO photographer I think you'll be happy with the auto setting too.GOOD MENUS: Menus are easy to use and intuitive. I especially like the +/- exposure access and the white balance settings.HEFTY FEEL: This feels like a substantial camera. It is easy to hold steady for a long shot or low-light shot.GOOD FLASH: I don't use flash much, but this is a good built-in one. I bought the Speedlite 220EX to go with it and found I don't really need it.AA BATTERIES: I bought a set of Sony AA rechargeables to go with this camera. I shot all day and never once ran out of juice with those batteries. I carried a spare set of single-use alkaline batteries and never used them.IMAGE STABILIZATION is incredible. At the last minute I decided against taking my tripod to China. Didn't ever need it, even in very low light. Even though the "camera shake" warning came on, I could still get good photos without blur if I held my breath!VIEWFINDER: I was SOOO glad to get away from having to look at a TV screen to frame my shots. This viewfinder is digital, but it looks like an SLR one, has adjustable diopter, and best of all, is great for bright situations when a little TV screen just doesn't show you what you need to see. I don't think I took a single photo using the viewscreen, but for editing and trashing at the end of the day, the big screen was a plus. The slideshow setting is a nice bonus.VIDEO: This isn't a video camera but in a pinch the video is fabulous! If I'd had bigger memory cards I would definitely have shot some video.If you want more than a point-and-shoot, love bells and whistles, and are willing to hassle with the lens cap, this is a great choice. I'm very happy with my purchase and expect to shoot thousands of great images with this camera.
Not being the most technically skilled person in the world I needed some help from tech support in setting up 3 activities (macros) on the remote. The first technician helped me program the macros. I placed a second call when another issue came up.Logitech support is a model of what tech. support should be. I waited not more than a minute or two each time for the call to be answered. The two technicians were not only very knowledgeable, but also extremely nice and easy to deal with (not always the case when dealing with tech support from other companies).And yes, it's a great remote too.
I'm not looking for concert hall sound in portable headphones. The sound through these quite clear and the instruments well defined. What I love about them is that they remain in my ears no matter how much I bounce up and down while jogging. I've also often had to replace other brand headphones when one or both sides fails. Not so with these. They are made to last.Highly recommended.
Anything that comes out of the box and you put it together without instructions and everything works correctly is almost impossible in this day and age. I did this with this DVD player and it seems to work as well as my expensive Sony in the living room that does everything. All I wanted was a bedroom DVD for exercise and watching Netflix movies and it does that just great. It can't be beat for the price. I have no complaints.
i worried and worried while waiting for this to arrive that it wouldn't be some standard fit and i had wasted my $10 but it DOES work with my Sirius Starmate satellite radio! the description talks about MP3's and all but never says anything about being a kinda standard fit for tape adaptors... and i dont know enough about electronics to just assume it.but it works! woohoo!
This was very nice to have for our 52" Samsung, Samsung Blu-Ray, Dish DVR and Bose surround sound. Lots, and lots, and lots of cords to plug into this Belkin and they all fit and it's working perfectly. It is especially comforting to know these items are now surge protected. That's all I need is to blow out over $6000 worth of equpiment. Would definitely recommend this and the price was right.
A real nice large, clear, crisp monitor right out of the box. Colors are rich and true, unlike some I've owned. Price is very reasonable now too for something this large and good. Seems to refresh very quickly which is good in some of the games that you can play and watch on this. Sorry I can't get into the specs game about this monitor, and thanks to other reviewers for giving that info for those that need it, but it's just these here eyes that pass along their message that this was a good buy. That's my ultimate test.As I've said before, I have no financial or employment interest in the manufacturer or anyone else involved in anything I rate. I just rate the product without hidden (or unhidden) motives. While nothing to do with any of the other reviewers on this product, maybe sometime I can standardize the wording of this disclaimer to ensure others that there's no conflict of interest in what I say, and then get everyone to add a similar disclosure to their reviews when that's true for them. Maybe. Anyway, this is a good unit at a good price and I'm happy with it.
I have this camera and it is outstanding. Lots of controls for those of us that want to set aperture priority, set shutter speed priority, or just let the camera decide what to do. If anything, there are too many choices one could make, but one can also set on full automatic and let the camera do the work of composing. A fairly intuitive set of buttons and commands and menus for use when one wants to take over composing (aperture, shutter speed, flash type, and so on), and yet one can turn it on auto and snap away. This camera has a solid feel to it, and it's almost as if one looks at this and feels its ready for whatever photo op may come along. 6x optical zoom does great and is likely to be all one really needs (additional 4x digital zoom gives you a bigger look at the pixels but, like every digital zoom, the picture isn't improved, so who really cares about the digital zoom hoo-hah.) Drawbacks--it's 1 5/8 inch thick, so those of you that want a credit card sized camera will find this too large. But there's a solid feel about this, and it works well, so if you have space for a 1 5/8" wide, 2 3/4" tall, 4 1/4" long camera, weight of 12 ounces loaded with the battery (weighs more than a credit-card camera, but not "too much" for what this one does nor is it too heavy to carry around), I'd advise looking at this. Nikon P5000 was the competition but this Canon is a lot better. I'm very glad with this purchase. This has a very bright and large LCD view on the back of the camera (2" wide, 1 1/2" tall, very good), plus you can get a decent look through the viewfinder too, although with the quality and SIZE of the LCD, I suspect most of us will use it to set up the shots.I have no financial interest in any company or product that I review.
This was my first digital camera and I'm very happy with it. It has all the features and functions necessary to take quality pictures and enjoy them in digital fashion. The camera is sturdy, lightweight, and easy to use.I'm still working with the supplied software. All in all it was easy to install and use, although I am puzzled by its inability to allow you to edit out things like red-eye. I'm using another piece of software for that.A couple of peeves: Although its nice not to worry about a lense cap, the motorized sliding cover seems to inviting trouble in the long term. Also, the LCD screen is excruciatingly slow when scrolling through previous pictures. I haven't found a way to randomly access them on the camera, so you have to go through them one by one, which, when you have 30 or 40 stored up, is very tedious.Overall, you could spend more and get some 'extra' features, but I doubt its worth it. This is one of the best cameras for the price, which means you won't feel so bad when the next generation of cameras come out and you want one.
I purchased these Jensen Headphones based on two things. #1 The behind the ear comfort, and #2 the 20-20,000Hz rating. Why makers believe that portable headphones should merely have a portable sound is beyond me. These are full-bodied and remain that way regardless of where you use them. They are not (Thankfully) noise cancelling. But, they are extremely comfortable. They also have the added advantage of incorporating an in-line volume control which is the nicest thing, in my opinion, since sliced bread. My iPod is generally in my pocket, so this volume control gets much use, and it's a lot easier to use than the control on the iPod. Anything this good will always be worth 5 stars.
This has served us well over the past year or so. My husband and I both take it to the gym. The sound quality is not bad, although the reception can be a bit static-y if you are around lots of interferring equipment or concrete. Good for the money.
I have bought a lot of antennas looking for the perfect one that brings in a better signal and this one is great and I look forward to upgrading to the db4
I purchased this Microsoft Keyboard based upon reviews that I read here at Amazon.com. Amazon seems to always breed good reviewers. I just replaced my old Logitech Media Keyboard, and my only complaint so far is WHY DIDN'T I DO THIS SOONER? From the order I placed with Amazon.com to the free SUPER-SAVER Shipping to receiving this in an expedient manner to the software installation to the actual usage of the keyboard, this whole process has been seamless and enjoyable. Everything should work this good. Thanks AMAZON.COM, Thanks MICROSOFT!
...because the Rio 800 that I bought to use this with was defective....not a good overall product...fair warning.
I just received this mouse and I gotta tell you, yes, the name on the mouse is different than whats on the packaging. This is not a problem, at all. I read the reviews here prior to purchasing it and some of these people will quibble about everything. I wanted a mouse that worked good, was comfortable and did everything it's supposed to do. I got all I asked for and then some. No, it doesn't have a click wheel, thank goodness! If you want a click wheel, get a Logitech (you'll get the click wheel and all the problems with SetPoint to go along with it) I'm a no-nonsense kinda guy. I got the things I wanted, I could care less what it's name is. It works great and bottom line? That's all that matters!
I was a little worried about buying this camera as I had tried a Linksys WVC54G a while ago and couldn't get two of them to work wirelessly (assumed the first was faulty - gave up after the second failed to connect wirelessly to a Linksys router). The Panasonic took about an hour to setup I assume because I made an error the first time. Now that it is setup, it works flawlessly. I haven't had to reset it, or had any other issues with the camera. I wish it had an optical zoom, and better night vision, but that was my choice and all it takes is more money. As it is, the Panasonic cost twice what the Linksys did, but the Panasonic has pan/tilt and it works wirelessly on our 802.11g network.There are almost endless settings for the camera and I'm not sure I'd give it to my parents expecting them to be able to install it. However, once configured it's like an appliance - just plug it in.We have the camera setup in the kids room, and the grandparents LOVE it. We also use it quite a bit both from within the house, and from work. There will soon be another camera installed in the downstairs play area.
Yes, it's a great price for the refurbs from Samsung, and they have a good feature set, but I bought two 330s and they both died after three months. Even when they were working, the sound was often out of sync with the video. You will find other reports of this. It's most annoying (though not shocking) that TigerDirect sales people claim to have no knowledge of these problems... "first I heard of it"...But the worst part is that soon after I got them, around 3 months after getting them, they stopped being able to read new or un-finalized discs. I use Verbatim 8x DVD-R.I suggest that you read carefully the terms of any extended warranty policy before shelling out any more money.Too bad
A gift for my wife who uses them to listen to programs from the internet, Glen Beck, Michael Savage. They are extremely comfortable. She loves them.
With all due respect to the other reviewer, I've had this monitor for several years. It has done everything it is supposed to do and I've never had one single problem. The color and clarity are fabulous.I work graphics and some video editing and the sound is fantastic! My computer is in constant use and this monitor has never failed me at all. Just sayin'...
This is my first attempt at recording analog video from my camcorder to the computer. I'm using Windows ME, 1.4G Pentium 4 with 384M of 800Mhz ram and a 60G hard drive. I had a few problems getting the drivers to load but the full setup took less than an hour. I recorded a video to disk with relative ease. The software provided is easy to use and very powerful.The only problem is I guess I didn't need the Bi-Lingual version and could have saved $ purchasing the non Bi-Lingual version.At first glance ADS Tech seems to have provided a solid product with some great software. I'm looking forward to burning all of my camcorder tapes and old VHS movies to DVD after I play with the video editing features.
Good cable at a good price. Great fit and functionality. Used on a Dell PERC H310 in a Precision T3600 to attach to additional drives in a Vantec NexStar SE: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0058YXZPA/ .
I purchased this radio from Amazon in May of 2003. It's now January 2005 and the radio is still on the first set of batteries. I use it at least a 1/2 hour a day and on weekends as much as 3-4 hours per day. Fantastic. It shows no sign of wear even though it has spent hundreds of hours in the shower, and has even been in light rain beside our spa.It gets great reception (no TV signals in our town), is easy to use, and sounds great.I highly recommend this radio.UPDATE Oct 28, 2010After 7 1/2 years of daily use my Sony shower radio finally quit. As many others have reported the plastic on the top cracked, water got into the Off button area and the radio would no longer work. However I just ordered another one.This radio has some very good qualities.Pros:1) Clear and loud sound2) Battery life is so long it is ridiculous. I don't think I used more than three sets of batteries in 7 years, and I use the radio every day.3) Good reception.4) Ease of use. I really appreciate an AM/FM radio with station presets.5) It is waterproof enough that I take it in the shower every day. I don't leave it there though because I use it on the bathroom counter while I shave too. Perhaps mine lasted longer than many others because it isn't in the damp shower area 24/7.6) I like the top buttons. They are easy to hit with one hand. If the buttons were on the side or front it might require two hands. My radio is never mounted high so I don't have the issue others complain about where they can't see the buttons. Even if I did have it high it is easy to feel where the buttons are as they all have a raised bump.Cons:1) $49 is a very high price to pay for an AM/FM radio.2) It does seem Sony could do some research and improve the plastic top so it would last longer.I was pleased to see this radio is still available for sale. I looked at a few others but nothing matched, in my opinion, this one.
Holy smokes I only paid $49 for this thing after rebates and it was worth a lot more. It is quiet, fast, prints on both sides of the paper, has two paper trays, and seperate less expensive ink tanks. I like the screen monitor that pops up showing the print progress and graphic representations of the ink remaining in each tank. I also have two HP printers in the house but the single color cartridges are SO expensive and if you run out of one color you have to replace the whole color cartridge. This has now become our primary printer and it just does a great job.It sure is handy to have 8 x 10 sheets in the top feeder and 4 x 6 glossy photo stock in the lower cassette feeder. I can print without changing paper type from anywhere in the house.I use this printer for normal 8 x 10 hardcopy, and for quick access photos. However my bulk photo printouts still go to CostCo where the quality is still better than the printer, and the cost is less. CostCo only charges $0.17 for 4 x 6 prints and by my calculation they cost over $0.22 on the PIXMA ip3000.
i use this for back pain, shoulder pain, and cramps. works awesome!for the price, this is a great heating pad.
I was trying to get in three FM stations that were local ~20 miles, but had very weak signals (public radio, college, etc). This did NOT help at all. In fact, 2 of my other corporate FM stations (which had "medium" signals) were actually made much worse with this thing! And for the very "strong" corporate signal FM stations, it added some sort of distortion that made my speakers crackle and pop like they were blown. It totally killed ALL of my AM stations. A useles piece of junk, in my opinion.
I bought this after reading a review that it sounded about as good as a Denon SACD player with 4x the price. However, I find it to be unacceptable as an audiophile SACD player. I did an A/B comparison with my 3 year old Sony DVP-NS500V player (which sadly is not now recognizing the SACD layer on most new Hybrid SACD/CD discs!). The difference is decisive. With the Pioneer you cannot hear the "space" of the hall which you can hear with the Sony. And sibilants sound hissy and sandy on the Pioneer, while they sound airy on the Sony. In short, it suffers the defects of CD sound. I have read that some SACD universal players convert the DSD signal to 192 KHz PCM streams upon which they do D/A conversion. I suspect this is one of them. There ought to be some regulation requiring the disclosure of such "cheats". Caveat emptor. Don't buy this as an SACD player because it doesn't deliver SACD quality sound.
I found the Canopus ADVC110 to be unusable on older (c. 10 years) Hi8 tapes. Symptomatically, there would be times where the frames would jump around, or black out entirely for parts of a second in the ADVC110 digital output stream. What seems to be happening is that the sync signal on the edge of older Hi8 tapes may be degraded, and the codec of the ADVC110 is not robust against such degradation; it loses sync on the frame, or gives up entirely and blacks out the output. Changing the fixed sync dip switch on the ADVC110 did not help it. (The same problem also occurred digitizing an old VHS tape). I put the same Hi8 tapes through the pass-through digitizer on a Sony DCR-HC32, and it had no problems whatsoever. The ADVC110 codec also produces more contrasty images than the Sony DCR-HC32; details in shadow are lost; frames are grainier; noise in the tape signals are amplified into subtle rainbow waves on the ADVC110, not so noticeable on the Sony, which seems to have a more linear codec. So, for a little more money you can buy a camcorder with more robust A to D conversion and better image than the ADVC110.
I was in the market for an SACD player after my Sony DVP-NS500V stopped seeing the SACD layer on hybrid discs. I could plunk $150 into repairing it, or into a new system. I read reviews on various units, and the Pioneer DV-578A-S for $100 sounded great. When I compared it to the DVP-NS500V however, the spatial resolution and tone quality sounded more like a CD. I suspect this is one of the machines that has a chip to convert the DSD data into 96KHz PCM for D/A conversion. Sony/Philips were fools to allow such downsampling in their DSD licensing; it dilutes the DSD/SACD trademark. Someone should initiate a class action suit or legislation to protect consumers.The Denon DVD-1920 was a candidate, but I discovered that it converts the DSD data to 192KHz PCM for the Burr-Brown 24/192 Audio DACs. This shouldn't be allowed.I found my way back to Sony, with the new DVP-NS3100ES. It is in their high-end ES consumer line, but not their budget busting DVP-NS9100ES.The sound is much better than on the Sony DVP-NS500V. It is breathtaking in its clarity and realism and spatial detail. The RCA Living Stereo reissue of Heifetz playing Beethoven's Violin Concerto has, in this DSD technology, better sound that Hilary Hahn gets from DGG's 96k recording fifty years later.My early production unit has a firmware glitch that causes occasional 1 second pauses in SACD playback. I need to get it back to a Sony Service Center, but the generous 5 year warrantee gives me plenty of time to do it.
Well, I needed a battery for my ancient, hand-me-down Cannon. I took a gamble (I was skeptical) and ordered this battery. It works like a charm! But since the advent of smartphones, I've been using my camera less and less!
This printer rocks. The small ink-droplett output makes halftones and gradients come out amazingly smooth with almost no dot pattern visible.
I installed and re-installed the XP Home Edition more than 20 times. I even have partitioned my hard drive to run both XP and Linux, but the machine still keeps working. It's AMD and lightning fast and have never had any problems with it. If you want to play today's video games, this machine simply won't cut it. you'll have to buy a much better video card and most games should work fine after that. the speakers that come along with it are loud, but have ZERO bass. In other words, they suck.This machine is what everyone needs - to write word documents, send email, browse the web. btw, i get a blazing 1.5mps with my DSL on this computer and the music and videos download FAST!!waht else do you need? i took a risk with eMachine and they haen't dissappointed me. I bought this one for 450 REFURBISHED!!. I can't believe people spend so much money on other items like APPLE (unless you're a Graphics Designer or Music producer) or SONY (unless you want crystal clear images for video cause sony PCs is known for its image quality) just to do the basic things like word and email. you could save a lot by getting one of these.
A five year old reformatted my previous system, so, remembering that a "real" system can cost upwards of ten thousand dollars I began my search for the cheepest real system money can buy. I read the reviews for related systems at Amazon and settled on the 777. Crutchfield delivered promptly with no shipping charge, and it wasn't really that big. I have set audio systems up before so it was thirty minutes, tops, to up and running. Speaker wire inputs require deliberation for peace of mind, everything else works just fine. One can turn it up, rumble rumble, have a good picture, listen to Beethoven's ninth, all for seven hundred bucks...and it's component, so it's upgradable, just in case you can't keep from scratching that itch.
These earphones are the best I ever had. I never had to try other pairs of earphone because I absolutely loved these that I keep buying it! After 6 years I buy the same one everytime. Of course I never use the winding case and it just sits there but heck it usually stores my other earphones that I brought but can't seem to throw them out because it costed money. It seems that many people are complaining about the electrical shocks from the earphones and I can answer why thats happening. It's actually static electricity. I experienced it myself a couple of times because I was wearing a wool sweater and the wool peacoat jacket that caused static electricity to form. It's actually not the earphones fault but when your wearing lots of clothes or a scarf with the earphones I suggest you switch to headphones to prevent being shocked. The bass is pretty decent when comparied to panasonic or jvc earphones. Hey for 10 bucks or less you can't except Sony to go all out and improve their cheapest model. I abuse my earphones so for 10 bucks a year I think these are the best rather than buying something thats $100 dollars or over and later regret it because it got either lost, broken or stolen.
I should have adhered my own advice -- "You get what you pay for." This printer seemed like a good value when we purchased it about a year ago. But it drinks ink like crazy...and we have spent hundreds of dollars in ink alone. I have tried to use off-brand ink cartridges, but the HP software will not recognize them and some will just not work unless it is the official HP brand cartridge. The paper feeder does not always work properly and often takes two or three sheets at a time. I like the copier function and have had no troubles with the scanner. While I'm still using the printer for now, I'm in the market for a new one. And price won't be the guiding factor anymore!
This thing fits very snug in the power socket, I had to push harder than I had expected to get it to seat all the way into the socket. The advantage of this tight fit is it does not come loose, and when pulling other connectors out of the dual socket side this adapter doesn't pull out with it. I like the idea that it can be repositioned, and you must push a button to swivel it to a new position where it locks in place.The DC socket in our car is high enough on the dash board that this Maxell is very convenient. In our second car the socket is very close to the floor so this wouldn't be as easy to use so in that car I have an adapter with a 15" cord; you may want to consider this situation for your own car.
This is a fine little tripod. It is well designed and sturdy.I did return it because it wouldn't fit in my newCaselogic SLRC-202 Medium SLR Camera Bag (Black). The bag arrived after the tripod. I then purchased theSlik Mini Pro V Table-Top Tripod with Pan Headwhich is equally well built and it fit in the bag (in case anybody should care).
I have a Sony A55 which comes without a shoe cap. This item fits snug and will keep the shoe from becoming soiled. I don't use the shoe but if I did I might have an issue with how difficult it is to remove as it fits quite tightly. For me it works perfectly.
One reviewer mentioned that their L1 broke on the 29th picture. I never even got that far - it arrived with a malfunctioning zoom. Also, image quality has been highly erratic (could be the flourescent problem another user mentioned). This is my first digital - I'm an experienced SLR and computer user, but I found the menu to be cumbersome, and the LCD very small. The camera is very "cute" and compact, but I'll be looking into either a different Sony or Canon for an exchange.
I love everything about this Brother multi-function. EXCEPT ... the cheap, flimsy, sorry paper tray. I just do not like that paper tray. You have to take it all the way out to reload the paper, it prints off center, and it is rickety and just does not live up to the rest of the printer. Everything else about this item is great including the price. Another feature I have come to despise is the door in the back that is removable, so whenever there is a paper jam it is very easy to remove the paper. Sounds great right ... except if your paper is a heavier stock or you have printed several pages in a row, the back door just pops out and as a result creating ... a paper jam. Arg.
While this is the 2nd LaCrosse Atomic Wall clock w/outdoor temperature that I've purchased, it's just a little different. This one registers the time, moon phase, and indoor temperature just fine. The outdoor temperature is about 10 degrees off. Since this clock is in my closet, I intended to use it to help figure out what to wear for the day. Looking out the window tells me whether it is raining or sunny but doesn't give a good temperature reading. Still like the clock for all the other features.
tHIS VOICE RECORDER HAS SMALL BUTTONS AND IS VERY HARD TO ACTIVATE. ALSO YOU HAVE TO LOOK AT IT TO KNOW WERE THE CONTROLLS ARE. cAN'T USE IT WHEN DRIVING. OK PRICE BUT HARD TO USE.
I've had one for about 6 months and I love it! Good controls. The ability to download recording into my PC in just great. I use it without ever having to look at the controls. It's a bargain.
I bought this to play Pandora songs from my iPhone5 on Bose stereo system in home office. Bose store wants $25 for the same Belkin RCA mini Y cable. Ordered 1/17, received 1 week later, a little slower than usualy for Amazon shipping. Opened, connected and it works great. Now I don't need to have that white wires sticking in my ears, can't hear anything else, I did not even know when visitors came in the front door in plain view from my desk, or does not even know when my wife is yelling at me next to my desk. Almost bought a new Bose SoundDock III for $250 for exactly same result. This is great and super economical, the way a minor technical solution should be.
Couldn't be any simpler to use - no software to load. Just plugged everything in as directed and it worked perfectly. Literally took a couple of minutes. Next time I could do it in 30 seconds. Works well sharing Linux laptop with Windows desktop. Ability to share speakers with both computers is nice. Hot key: Press &lt;Scroll Lock> twice and you're on the other computer after about a 2-second pause. Great price. Highly recommended.
Who knew you could record HDTV on Super VHS tapes?* JVC performed a minor miracle when they designed this machine. This unit can:- play all your VHS and S-VHS library- record upto 4 hours HDTV from a Firewire/I.Link set-top box- record upto 8 hours standard definition- record upto 40 hours compressed video (near-DVD quality)- and when the tape is full, you just switch to another tape! No need to worry about running-out of space on your machine, as is true with DVRs. The capacity is UNLIMITED.The quality coming out of this machine is truly beautiful... never have I seen such crystal-clear recording from my previous VCRs.* (To use S-VHS tapes you need to drill a second hole in the cassette; easy procedure. High-quality VHS tapes work too, if you are willing to accept the occasional pixelated image.)
I received the camera today. Took several pictures and printed out the highest quality photos. I will never go to a photomat again. This camera is great for anyone who doesn't want to study a huge manual to begin using the product. It is so easy to use... I guess that's why they call it Easyshare. I LOVE IT!!
After disposing of my 1 year old, loud and hot hp nx9010, I wanted to get something that I'd keep for two or three years and not have the need to upgrade. So I settled for the PowerBook. It is so quiet that when the fan is on, its hardly noticeable. Its got a large HD (80GB); more than enough for my needs. Its a solid piece of kit. I set it up for the office network with barely any effort. 2 minutes and I was done. I'm using the standard web browser and mail app. and I figured them out without real effort. Another standard app that I've used is iSync. I used it with the Bluetooth option to get all the contacts that I had on my K700i cellphone into the AddressBook. The slight downside I've noticed is the battery time. I've managed nearly 4 hours which is less than the claimed (Apple) time. I've only had it for 6 days and Lithium Ion batteries optimise after a few recharges. Another slight complaint I have is that the PowerBook is made of aluminium and it conducts heat very well; therefore the PowerBook can get a bit warm. On hot summer days, it might not be possible/comfortable to put it on your lap. I'm looking forward to the winter months coz it'll be the swankiest hand warmer in the world. I havent tried the DVD writer yet, so I cant tell you how good or how bad the writer is. There's so much I'm looking forward to finding out.
I don't understand all the negativity from other reviewers.I tried this unit and it worked immediately. Was there static? Yes, but it was easy to drown-out the static simply by turning-up the iPod's volume to maximum, and then the music sounded as good as any commercial FM station. In fact I liked it so much I wish I could use it with my other MP3 players, and not just the iPod.And the charger is a nice bonus. The iPod stays ready to use at all times.:-)
I wanted a flash for my 20D so I bought this one. I put it on my camera and tested it. I saw no difference between the pictures I took with this flash and the pictures that I took with the built in flash. It adds a lot of weight to the camera and makes it difficult to hold. I just don't see the benefit. It is too complicated to figure out so I am sending it back.
Amazingly good sound for such a small unit! All my audiophile friends who got great mega systems, also bought this marvel.Some for bedroom, like the previous reviewer did.Whoever wants it, should hurry though, since it is discontinueditem and to my knowledge, only some Circuit City stores carry them for $169.99 while supplies last.
This item is great if you have limited space to put things or just have too many things attached to your TV. Very easy to use, very easy to install. Excellent quality. The DVD comes with all the features you would expect from a high quality dvd.Just be careful when taping shows off of the TV to the VCR. It seems to default to taping from the DVD. Not a big deal but it has caused a couple of missed shows.
I have been looking to get a second pair of cordless headphones after killing one of mine with a vaccuum. I keep looking at all other models but come to realize that this pair has always worked perfectly for me. Sure I would like better distance but when within the distance of ANY 900 mhz model this model gives you perfect performance. So i am ordering a 2nd pair for my main TV.
The Extreme III 8GB CF card by SanDisk works great as expected. I have used it with my Canon 350D, 400D, and with my Canon 40D with absolutely no problems. My Canon 40D's maximum burst rate is approximately 6.5 - 7 frames per second and the Extreme III has had no problems keeping up. I recommend this item for the quality and great price at Amazon.Com.
I am very happy with this product. I've had it for about a year and have used it heavily with no problems. Excellent value!
Steer very clear of this product. i was looking for a decent radio/ipod system for my office and the price for this one seemed right. Its a complete piece of junk. The sound is just terrible, there is no support behind the ipod (mine is a 2nd gen nano) so you couldn't change songs or go into the menu without fearing you were going to break it. With the radio on, the display changed from clock to the radio frequency you were listening to... thats right, the makers thought maybe you would need to check which station you were **listening to** more than the time. This thing really is bad, I returned it immediately and got a Sony ICF-C1iP instead, which I love and recommend, even though it's twice the price. Steer clear.
Quickcam Pro 9000 (960-000048)Leopard OS X 10.5.3Mac ProI have always loved Logitech during my many years as a PC/Windows user.However, after switching to a Mac well over a year ago I discoveredthat Logitech not only wasn't a "mac friendly" company but they hadno aspiration to be one despite the many complaints.My case in point involves the Quickcam Pro 9000It took a long time for me to find a Logitech webcam that would workunder Mac OS X. About a year ago I bought the Logitech Ultravisionwebcam which, though not at first advertised to do so, was the veryfirst webcam that could be used with OS X right out of the box withno drivers.It's a great webcam despite the fact it does poorly in low light.So, I see that Logitech releases the Quickcam Pro 9000 and by all rights,it is the same compliant webcam as the Ultravision. After all, rightout of the box it does work with Max OS X with iChat.No doubt, the Quickcam 9000 is miles ahead of the Logitech Ultravision,I was amazed by how crisp the image quality was in iChat even under low light.This camera outperforms any webcam I have ever seen before it.....but here's the problem....the frame rate is abysmal. I would saythis thing is working on 5fps and doesn't get any better. Stupid mefor buying this webcam without fully checking all the reviews. Now Ifind that the problem concerning the frame rate was reported to Logitechmonths ago and as usual, there's no fix.I ask this seriously as a long-time user of Logitech products....Why does Logitech hate Mac users?There are very little products the company puts out that are Maccompliant, including their latest and greatest hardware releases. Onlya few keyboards support mac. You won't find a Mac keyboard in theirdiNovo line. Their webcams don't come with OS X drivers.I can almost guarantee you that Logitech will not have a driver forthe Quickcam 9000 under Leopard despite the many complaints posted hereand across the Internet.I just want to warn Amazon shoppers that the Quickcam 9000 has frame rateissues under Leopard. Do a GOOGLE search and you will easily find enough complaintsto substantiate this claim.If you want a webcam that works great under Mac, try their UltraVision webcams thatcame out a year or two ago. They work right out of the box with no drivers. The imagequality is terrific, but not nearly as outstanding as the Quickcam 9000.
This player is a great value. For about 200 bucks, you get great upconversion of your existing DVDs and excellent high definition playback of the newer HD DVD discs. Once you watch high def discs, you can't go back. Toshiba should have included an HDMI cable, though. However, these can be purchased on-line for $10 (DON'T get suckered into paying a hundred dollars for one of these cables!) so it's not a huge deal. Add to that 5 free HD DVDs from Toshiba, and you can't lose.
I liked these headphones when I first purchased them. I knew from reading other reviews that when the noise canceling switch was turned off, the sound quality would be poor. It is - muddy and quiet. The noise canceling feature does work very well, but that's about it. I used these to drown out noise while sleeping in hotels, but the blue light that goes on when noise canceling is on is so bright, it disturbed my sleep. Also, the pressure of sleeping with the unit on snapped the plastic at the adjuster sleeve. Now, they're just junky looking. I have several Sennheiser headphones, and I have slept with them on for two years with no damage. I am planning to buy the Sennheiser 450 noise canceling headphones to replace these. The Sennheiser models that I have all produce the most musically detailed sound of any headphones I've owned. Should have skipped the Jabra unit and gone for Sennheiser instead. Do you save by buying cheaper headphones? Not if you have to turn around and replace them when they break!
The reason I got this was because it had a usb connector but when I opened the package it had a standard connector. Not to worry it was an adaptor that simply unplugs and wala usb. So I let my bloodpressure simmer down and come to find this is a pretty good little keyboard. I love the way the keys snap right back - perfect key pressure.. There's lots of fuctions and the keyboard is well laid out. I'm using it for my laptop which really enhances the experience. I can finally let out my typing ablity. I don't know about the durability yet but I can say for the price that I am satisfied and don't expect it to fall appart unless I abuse it. The led lights are really bright red which looks kind of neat at night. You know the ones that let you know if the caps are on or the number lock. I don't usually give cheap things 5 stars but hey if it's a quality product that's all that matters.
These have lasted for 100s hours so far and sound good. There pretty comfortable but they could be more comfortable across the top but around the ears their almost perfect.. The cord is extra long so if you use them around the house their great. They also look good for big phones..
This PDA has been exactly what I've needed to dig myself from the piles of stick-it notes that overwhelmed me.As a full time student, this PDA has helped me with repeating alarms to remind me to go to class and do homework. The ability to take and organize notes on my Palm has eliminated the need for a conventional notebook. I can also connect my Palm to my computer and transfer the notes from one to the other. This came in handy when filling out my last test review.As the owner of a small graphic design business, I never miss an appointment or forget about a phone call I need to make. I can take notes during a meeting with a client. I can also hold portfolio pieces in the "Photos" section of my Palm. The "Contact" section has come in handy too, helping me remember who works for whom and what business they belong to.Overall, this product is incredibly easy to use for a first time PDA buyer like me. I would say this product is VERY much worth the mere $100.
Don't have a lot to say on this product. It works like it is suppose to. quality is good. I am happy with my purchase
Plays anything- i like except for the remote which works only up really close.Maybe new batteries - the ones that came with are exceptionally cheap.
Looks pretty ugly without a true case.Pretty noisy also. Especially if you put in on a wooden desk.A bit unstable.The volume control seems to be a of low quality (low endurance).I have to test it more.
I purchased these with much hope they'd fit my younger kids (who can't keep headphones on). I was thinking the ear hook would work -- and since they're designed in pink and blue... I just was feeling hopeful. But I was wrong. They're not oversized or anything, not at all. Maybe they are even a bit petite for the average adult -- made to fit a teeneger. But they don't fit children.Now, that being said -- they're not horrible. They sound good enough. I used it on a Zen and an iPod and the sound was fine for music and video playback. I suppose if you're one of those uber sensitive music types, you should not invest in $8.00 headphones as they'll obviously not give you super great performance sound. But the sound was fine for regular Joe's. I didn't need to pump up the volume. Maybe the other reviewer got a crappy pair -- JVC can make junk sometimes.One thing I didn't like was the cord setup. One side was shorter. And that's probably because most people keep their iPods on an armband or a pocket. But it wasn't adjustable so it will have been cumbersome for our lanyard (iPod necklace)Worth the eight dollars for sure. Easy enough to pack away in my purse and cheap enough not to freak out if something happens to them.
Installed these in an '03 Galant (not easy, had to remove the back seat and roof support covers) and they sound great. Replaced oem Infinity speakers (cheap paper cones) and the sound is very clear and very loud. Could not produce distortion at high volumes (but I'm not a teenager anymore). I don't think you can find a better speaker in this price range.
So I researched iPod FM transmitters on Amazon. There were a couple with high-ish reviews (including this one), but this was the least expensive.I've had mine for a few months now, and the only bad thing I can say is that it seems FM sensitive. If you were listening to a radio station driving through town, it would not go in and out so much as the static stations tend to do. When the static goes in and out, so does your iPod.Seriously, for the money -- this is a really great thing to have in your car.
I recommend this Hard Disk to everyone, since it's pretty fast, flawless, not noisy, easy to install and configure at a so cheap price. I have been using it for 5 months already, and I really love it ! Great decission !
Ok, it doesn't have the apple logo, but at a glance you'd never know the difference between this replacement and the original that came with my iPod. It plugs in to the computer and the iPod perfectly. Seeing no difference in performance whatsoever. Maybe some of these older reviews that seem to constitute the majority of the negative reviews have been noticed and corrected by the seller/manufacturer -- because there's nothing to complain about.
The SmartDisk fotochute worked fine with Windows XP, but there is no driver for Windows Vista and the company has been sold so tech support is gone.
Neither Amazon nor Eton mention that the TV1 and TV2 channels will go silent after February 2009.
The speakers sound very good for their size. No complaints. Two issues. The buttons are stiff and not helpful. Plus, my speakers only work after the Toshiba notebook boots and then the speakers are plugged in. If they are plugged in first, the notebook won't boot up. Still working on that.
After exchanging emails with IOGear for days support, it finally dawned on them that this KMV switch does not work with Windows 7.
Exactly what I wanted. Comfortable to use, fits against straight keyboard, doesn't slide, gets the job done. No issues with smell. Good purchase.
I just spent part of the day changing my standard Apple 80Gb hard drive to the Seagate Momentus 5400.3 160Gb hard drive. I wish I could give you directions on how to crack open your Powerbook G4 but I did the guy-thing and figured it out on my own. I can tell you, however, that it was not difficult to do. Before I started, I inserted my Tiger (OS 10.4) DVD and then shut it down. You need to take the battery out and place your Powerbook on a towel. You alsp need to make sure you have all the right tools and be very careful. I took my old 80Gb out and placed it in a Firewire/USB 2 enclosure made by MacAlly (model PHR-250CC). This was very easy to do. I installed the new Seagate and put everything back together. I started up holding down the "C" key and it fired up running off the DVD. I installed Tiger on the new hard drive and when finished, chose the option to move my files from my "old computer," which was now my old hard drive in the new Firewire enclosure. Everything transferred over without a hitch. This is exactly why we love our Macs! Try doing that in Windoze. I have now been running with the new Seagate for 3 hours. I immediately noticed a jump in speed. Although my old drive was also 5400rpm, the new Seagate is quite noticeably faster. And, most amazingly, it is tremendously cooler than the old hard drive. The old hard drive ran so hot it was uncomfortable to hold on your lap. The new Seagate runs so much cooler that it feels only slightly warmer than room temperature. No kidding. That feature alone is worth the price and the work. I would not hesitate to purchase this Seagate. It's something I should have done a long time ago.
I was excited to find inexpensive refills for my printer, and I greedily ordered two. I'm disappointed now - they don't "click" into place like they need to in order to work properly, and everything prints out with a white (non-printed) streak every 4 lines or so. I would give this 0 stars if I could.
When I first installed the software for this piece of junk it immediately wanted to update the firmware. After it supposedly completed successfully, it was never able to be found on the network again. Netgear tech support was less than useless. I would rather go to the dentist than work with their foreign idiots. Don't buy Netgear, they used to be good, but they have now gone to the dogs.
I bought this for my cell phone. It was easy to install & use. And way more affordable then purchasing the microSD card at the Verizon store for $30!
We all have the occassional one day trip. To avoid the hassle of a roll on and a computer bag, this is perfect. It is well made and is a great carry on for all but the regional jets.
I bought these headphones about 10 years ago, and they have come in quite handy. I really have never like earbuds as they come out of my ears too easily. These headphones stay on my head even during vigorous activity.Sound quality is above average, but bass response is average. You simply will not get the same thumping bass as a good pair of earbuds.The only other con is that the headphone cable is a bit on the short side.However, for something cheap that you can abuse and depend on for years, it works very well.
This mount comes as a complete kit, everything you will need, even includes a pretty nice HDMI cable 10' long. Metal is strong enough for my heavy 55" Samsung TV with no problems. Easy to assemble. Easy to get the TV hanging on the bracket, no mystery to how it works. Price is very fair for what you get. Will buy again, that says it all!
I placed an order for these Nov 3rd, 2011, they worked great, exactly the same as genuine Brother except much cheaper. The cartridge was the same, no difference. I found a deal, or so I thought.Now it's April 8th, I need more black so I clicked back to my original order in 2011, clicked the product and bought another package. The same picture and description as before but the product is totally different. These cartridges are physically different than a LC51, there are no tab bosses to align in front.The previous order were all individually boxed, these are just stuck in a plastic bag.I blame Amazon for not being consistant with what they offer for sale. Its a bait and switch.Its a joke.
This product does the job with no problem. I had a dell laptop that I wanted to display on my tv screen. I had an s-video cable but needed the converter to connect it to the tv. Worked without a problem.
This stand works fine. It even comes with an extra plastic pin with plastic screw washers to connect your cam to the stand. My only issue is that the plastic clips for the wire tend to come off. If you dont mess with the cam wire they should stay on.
I had no problem setting the POS up at all, it was faily simple. The problem is that the damn thing don't work, period. Taking it back and getting something better, and not from Linksys.
This film is great for walking around and taking snapshots. It's cheap, it's good quality, I can get great shadows and highlights. I also like the fast developing time. But the difference between this and the Delta is noticeable and the price difference isn't that much. I'd spend the extra fifty cents and go for the Delta for anything more than snapshots.
This is great all-purpose paper. It has the ability to create rich tones and is very easy to work with. If you are not willing to spend double the time on fiber paper (such as if you are a student) then this is great paper.
This cord, from a usually reliable manufacturer, is heavy. I was using this item for earbuds. Doesn't work well with portable devices because of its weight. The plug and the cord separated after about a month. There are better extension cords out there at this price.
Great camera. Images that pop. Easy to use. Close-up flash is perfect.
If you want to use a universal remote with STR-DE598, you will have to switch the receiver from AV2 to AV1 mode. To toggle modes, press Power button while holding "Enter" on the receiver. The remote that comes with the receiver only works in AV2 mode. I suggest you configure all settings with the original remote, then switch to AV1 to use a universal one with limited functionality.
I wanted pretty design and a coiled cord, so I took a risk with Koss. Maybe I got a defective pair, but the sound was poor, flat with almost no bass. Some reviewers say you need an extra amp for these, but my 100 watt-per-channel amplifier says "I don't think so", and overall volume was very high, just the bass was missing. My old $25 Sennheiser sounds much better. Returned next day, won't try Koss again.
The one I ordered did not work with 2 iPod/iPhone devices and 1 iPod input device that had an output for headphones--only 1 side had sound. All of these devices have worked fine with several headphones. When I called the company, I was told that some of the speakers' cords may dislodge and cause one-sided sound. I was given instructions for a return with a prompt exchange, which cost about six dollars via USPS. After a week, I got an email from them stating that they had "tested" the speaker pillow with 2 devices (which types, who knows?), & it worked fine, and that it must be an "unbalanced output"; I was advised to try it with (yet) another device & that they were returning it to me. After a polite explanation that my Apple devices do not demonstrate an "unbalanced output" with any other device, and a polite but firm request for a refund, I received an email that they would do so out of "customer courtesy"--I'll get back to you on whether it actually happens.My customer service experience was very good by phone with the first 2 folks I spoke with. That got this item 2 stars instead of 1. The one emailing seemed to be a little less inclined toward consideration of my plight, or to just refund my dang money for the time & shipping I wasted trying to resolve this problem with what was meant to be a holiday gift. I still can't believe she planned to mail me back the same dang pillow as if she was doing me a favor, or as if I'm some kind of electronics dolt. I know she didn't "test" it with any iPhones on her end. Sounds to be a real scientific-like "test" protocol.I would also advise going through Amazon Returns if you have a problem, rather than (as Unwind recommended) going directly through the company. I would have gotten my refund already and probably free return shipping if I had gone through Amazon. I've never had a problem with Amazon the VERY few times I've had to use their return service. Caveat emptor.Good luck with yours, folks, I'll be interested to see if anyone else with Apple devices has problems, too.
I buy a new one of these every time I add a PC to my collection or when I manage to break an old one. I'd say that they last about 1.5 years each, and if you don't slam on the return key like I do, I'd wager it could last much longer.The curve is slight so it take very little time to adapt to from a standard keyboard. I find that it is more comfortable to have the curve, while keeping everything in reach of the left hand for keyboard shortcuts while mousing. (A common Photoshop use case.) In other words. Superior comfort, while not having to deal with the issues that come from a split ergo-keyboard.If I have a complaint it is that out of the box the keys are a little too stiff. They loosen up after a few days of use.
This is a great remote, very nicely built, and has great protential, but unfortunately it is crippled somewhat by the software. It took me more than 4 days to program it the way I wanted, but once that was done, it is as good as any remote you could get. It can learn almost any command and do anything, if it weren't for some restrictions by the online software, but fortunately there are ways to get around some of the problems.Pro : Huge database of devices, and for those that are not in the database, you can easily learn it if you have the original remote. One of the best part about the database is that you may find some features that weren't available from original remote. For me it was discrete input buttons, so I don't have to scroll through 6 video modes to get to a particular device. This alone was worth the price.Con : very complicate to program the remote perfectly. Software is very restrictive, and some options that you may want to use is hidden in layers and layers of options (like repeat timing). They enforce this "activity" scheme, which is great when watching DVD or other things which require multiple devices, but for me, I watch tv most of the time and only use my tv and nothing else. So I would rather stay with just the old fashion universal remote functionality when watching only tv. Fortunately there is a way to get around this, by setting one of the buttons as a power toggle, and setting the power option of the TV as "always leave on". Also it does not allow programming of macros. I was able to get around this with another old universal remote. I create the macro I wanted on the old remote and have the logitech learn the macro in "raw" mode, which works great.
I read and researched this product for a month. I was so happy to get it. I still have a 10 yr. old Canon product! It was great.....However, after only 6 months, I started to have "on/off" problems and now my print cartridge carriage locked and sparks were shooting out of the printer!Customer service is so hard to contact......their site is even difficult to download!Bottom line, this model is not even being manufactured now! Interesting, since is was rated in the top 3 by a noted consumer rating co. What does Canon know?I spent over $200+ on this, and it is going to the dump because Canon's warranty is limited and if it is shipped back to them ($60), THEY decide if it was defective or I caused it!!!! Guess who will win?What a mess......I'm debating buying a Canon product now?
I could muse about the shaky, rattly build quality, or I could Ask where the bass has gone? Please spend a few more dollars for the HD202's.I wanted to give them no stars whatsoever, but I had to give them 1 star to put the review in.
If you're coming form the Sennheiser's, they take a bit of getting used to. I used to say that these weren't as open as the Sennheiser's, but having spent time with them, they can reach the high stuff and they can spread out as good as the best. The sound is warm, full and deep.The clamping effect is quite strong, but the ear pads take away most of the discomfort. Although I'm not a great fan of 'in-line' volume controls, I have found it to be a handy extra feature.If I'm honest, the JBL's and the iGrado's are the only two portable headphones I'd happily recommend to anyone and everyone.
Pretty straight forward. Verbal (audio) instructions in 3 languages. The only hard part is skipping to certain tracks to do the cleaning - some DVD players don't let one accomplish this easily. That being said, this cleaner enabled me to use a player that hasn't functioned properly in months. Well worth the money.
I received my V-Moda Vibe Red Roxx earbuds the other day and opened them tonight. The red looked awesome, but as soon as I put them in my ears, even without yet plugging them into my mp3 player, I knew I was going to have problems.I struggled to get a good fit with the angle of my ear canals. They ended up sticking out. Worse, as soon as they were in, sound in my head amplified like my head was under water. Any wire movement produced a stethoscope effect in my ears. And I still hadn't plugged them in.Once plugged in and music on, the sound quality was quite good. I bought this pair for the bass because I have oversensitivity to high pitch noises and struggle to hear bass sounds, and I could actually hear bass for a change. And then I moved around.The wires moving in my hair alone interrupted the music. When the wires bumped my chest, a loud thump interjected the music including the highs that usually impede my ears above all other sounds. There is no way I'd be able to use these when jogging as I intended. The thumping and wire movement alongside music would drive me batty. And this is an original pair of new V-Moda earbuds, not an imitation.Back in the box these earbuds have gone. I'm only glad I already happened to be going to the mall an hour away tomorrow, because I need a refund from Best Buy. Back to the drawing board. Any earbuds that have a stethoscope effect won't get more than a two rating from me. But from reviews I've read, this may be a saving grace in the long run.
I love these speakers..just what I've been looking for. It does take 12 batteries but worth it.ETA: I will also say that I had to go to Radio shack and by the splitter for my inside speakers in order for the inside and outside to work at the same time. It was $5I also splurged and bought rechargeable batteries. A little expensive..but if you listen to as much music as I do..worth it!!I have now had these for awhile now..and I still love them!!
This product is not real compact, however, it does adjust to a short stick when fully folded. It is made well and allows for me to position my I-Pad into several positions for viewing. It is built tough.
HP57 Ink is, without question, the BEST COLOR ink value on the market. Unfortunately, you'll be hardpressed to find any of HP's new printers using these. They're now using ink cartridges with much less ml's at a much higher price per ml. I've sent letters to HP regarding this, but have not received any response. This, of course, is quite disappointing particularly since their printers are among the best on the market.
HP56 Ink is, without question, the BEST ink value on the market. Unfortunately, very few of HP's new printers use these. They're now using ink cartridges with much less ml's at a much higher price per ml.
For those of you who are electronically challenged (like myself) you'll be happy to know that this is the cable that connected our Dell Laptop to our Samsung HDTV.
I recently got a Canon SD500 Elph (wonderful camera) and this case for it. The case fits just right, goes on your belt or in your pocket, opens and closes quickly with a Velcro flap, gives you quick access and portability, and good protection for ordinary use. I'm delighted with it, it's perfect for the camera and for nearly every situation.I nearly didn't get this case after reading some of the negative reviews here on Amazon. Don't believe them! I gambled, because how much could I lose? Nothing, as it turns out. I'm delighted with this case -- and I'm very particular about my camera cases. A camera is a substantial investment, and I want quality and function to protect my baby. Some people here have said that the leather is so thin that the case is only cosmetic and doesn't offer protection. NOT TRUE! The leather is NOT paper thin but fairly substantial, a good feel to it, and with the stiff protruding stiched edges on the side and the bulk of the Velcro flap in front there indeed IS cushioning to protect your precious camera. And as I said, I very much care about this. If you whack your camera onto tabletops or drop it from 6 feet to a concrete floor you'll probably break it. So don't do that. Unless you slap your precious high-precision baby around like a drunken gorilla, you do not need a bulky mattress of a case. This one does in fact give the protection you need for nearly every situation.Another complaint aired here is that it's a nuisance to thread the camera's cord through the slot in the case's flap each time. Well, that's true for every small camera case. I've had several compact cameras, and I NEVER thread the carrying cord through the case flap. Why would you? Just give it a couple quick folds on top of the camera and flip down the Velcro flap and bingo! Fits perfectly. All tucked away -- and ready for a quick draw when a picture beckons.Another gripe heard here is that you can't put a spare battery or memory card in the case. Folks, this is an ultracompact snapshooter, not a safari rig. You want it with you and ready on a moment's notice, so that you don't miss those precious memories as they're happening. Because of its compact size, you're much more likely to carry a small case than a bulky one, so you'll have it with you instead of leaving it at home. There's really no hesitation to strap this case on your belt or toss it in your pocket, because it's small. That way you'll have the camera with you, instead of sitting in the drawer. And how many times will you actually need that spare card? The SD500 with a 1 GB card (which I got -- you should too, you'll love the extra memory) will take nearly 150 pictures. Other Elphs will also hold a lot of shots. How many snaps will you take before uploading? If it's 200 or more, put another SD card in your pocket. Some of you probably haven't seen one of these amazing things, so I'll tell you that an SD memory card is TINY. And the spare battery is very small. On those heavy snapshooting days when you'll take hundreds of shots (how often is that?) you will not bulk up any of your pockets with with these amazing, tiny gizmos.The inside of the case is soft and velvety and will not scratch the camera at all, another gripe I saw here. I suppose if you slam the little camera in and out and grind away at it, it might be possible to inflict wounds, but for those who are less than gorillas with their gear it's a nice, soft environment inside.If you plan to do serious trekking in hazardous environments, buy a second case with all sorts of bulk and pockets. Then you're covered for those serious vacation events, but that's likely to be an occasional need, if at all. For everything else, this case is what the doctor ordered. It's functional, high quality, compact, protective and on top of that it's attractive. My only suggestion is that Canon should include it with the camera, because it's like a natural part of the kit.Once you have this case you'll be delighted, and, like me, you'll wonder how anyone could make any sort of fuss over it. It's just right. And -- you'll use it all the time.
Received the black 30 GB iPod as a gift after owning an iPod Mini for several years. I loved the 4 GB Mini despite the limited capacity and battery life and at the same price I paid for the Mini, the somewhat larger 30 GB iPod is an easy favorite.The screen is sharp and bright, controls intuitive & easy to operate, and the battery just keeps on going and going and going (as long as you're only listening to music, watch a 2-hour movie and you may have reserve power when it's over, or maybe not).Pros: Better battery life than the old iPods, nicer screen, not just for music anymore, wealth of available accessoriesCons: larger, heavier than most mp3 players, (but still perfect for a shirt pocket) Buying an equivalent set of accessories (like I had for the Mini)BONUS: As of Jan 1 2007, Mac owners can now easily transfer TV and movies recorded on their networked series 2 TIVO to iTunes (and hence your iPod) using TIVoDecode Manager.As for the gripe about iPod factory earbuds, I love them. They sound fine and are perfect for low-level listening while still being able to hear and converse with the world around you. If one desires audiophile sound quality and isolation from ambient noise, a set of upgrade earphones, headphones, or earbuds is just a few clicks away.
I used it once and my sister long distance couldn't even tell. I have used Plantronics plastic tube-type microphones at work and the sound quality was better the sister said.It was weird to have a very lightweight headset on my head -- instead of a phone clenched between my head and shoulder. But! I knew it was something I could learn to love quickly.The mike was not quite long enough however... call me a big mouth! It didn't reach around in front of my face. It was very much to the side. Just in the peripheral vision... again something I was sure I could get accustomed to.But. The next time I plugged it in, if I touched the cord or the phone or moved there was massive crackling. I gave up after a few more tries. I should of sent it back (Amazon is SUPER about replacing items) but didn't really think about it until the warranty had expired.I am ready to try again. But this time will read all the reviews before purchasing.
Not much to say about it other than it protected my lap top from power surges and indicated when an electrical outlet is not properly grounded. Great if you are always on the go with your laptop and have a tendency to stick your power cord in any old outlet you see.
I can't say anything bad about the picture quality but autoprogramming the channels was a nightmare. Apparently I must have gotten a bad model because I haven't read anything about anyone else having a problem with the autoprogramming. When I started the autoprogramming to scan for all the channels it ran just fine at first. It loaded the channel numbers and then it started going through and loading the digital channels. The progress bar got to 84% and then froze. Ten hours later it was still frozen. I couldn't exit out of the autoprogramming mode so I simply had to turn the tv off. When I turned the tv back on I could pick up 10 stations, all analog. I ran the autoprogramming again and it got stuck at 84% completion again. This time I turned it off immediately and when I turned it back on I could pick about 40 stations. That still wasn't enough and besides, the digital stations were still missing. I ran it a third time and was only able to pick up 20 stations. It didn't matter how long I left the tv on when it got stuck at the 84% mark. The number of stations the tv could pick up was totally random. I thought maybe it was my cable service but that tested out okay. Finally I thought I wonder what would happen if I turned the tv off before it got to the 84% completion mark? I started the autoprogramming, once again, and as soon as it got to 83% I turned off the tv. I turned the tv back on and lo and behold all the stations were there, even the digital ones. I'm thinking there's a software error in the chip that runs the autoprogramming. When the autoprogramming reaches the 84% mark it apparently gets stuck in an endless loop and is unable to complete the autoprogramming automatically.
Dual rail 12 volt and all the connections you need. Cables are very flexible and can be routed out of sight. Makes for a cleaner look and better cooling. Unlike the power supply that came with my case this one has very stable voltage and is very quiet.
I asked Zune for Christmas, because I needed something other than carrying a CD case around with nearly 200 CD's in it. As I do my fair share of driving, that gets fairly hard to do, since flipping through a CD case is not the smartest thing to do going 70mph down the highway.I will admit that I picked the Zune over an Ipod mostly because I dislike Apple. However, after reading several reviews I became to be a little uneasy about my choice since I did not want to get a piece of hardware that I could not use.However opening the Zune and getting it going has already set my fears at ease.The interface was quite easy to get use to, and I absolutely loved it that the Zune program came with a MP3 burner so I could get all my CD's onto my computer and thus my Zune. So far I have had no problems with any of the CD's, and I even have stopped, unplugged my Zune and made sure that I could play the songs.A few of the draw backs is the interface on the Zune. So far it feels a little awkward and slightly difficult to use. This would also include the buttons on the Zune. Had the buttons been a little more separated (the circle four separate buttons around a fifth middle) I would have been a lot happier. However I am wiling to bet that those two problems will be non-existent as I get more and more use to the Zune.Over all, I am very happy with the Zune and Microsoft, especially after I had some problems with my Xbox 360 (which I eventually got fixed and have had no further problems).
When putting your various audio components through an amp, this unit will control the volume of them all! This product performs EXACTLY as the manufacturer says and does it excellently! Limiters are common knowledge among recording engineers and advanced audiophiles alike. While nothing like the pro limiters, this Turk (brand Audiovox, in this case) product works basically the same; once installed and cables plugged in as to route all audio signals to pass through it, the process is simply described. Before activating the limiter, you set your amp's output volume to the loudest level you ever wish to hear from your systems components, then you activate the unit by sliding a front panel switch from left to right and you're done! This "Volume Controller" will not only limit/prvent the max audio level from exceeding your earlier setting, but it will also ensure that your volume doesn't stay below what you set. A very clever, affordble gadget that will perform exactly as designed. If you have all of your equipment (or main components, including the "Volume Controller") backed up by a good quality UPS, this unit will perform excellently.The ONLY complaint... If this limiter is not on a UPS and the power goes out or even flickers (possibly even a short brown-out), the "Automatic Volume Controller" will go into an unactivated state (e.g., no longer provides any control over your audio levels). Many people that have bought this product don't realize what's happened and, as many developments' homeowners may find outages/flickers occur on a regular basis (too often), blame the product for not working. Well, if you've correctly plugged in your audio source from amp, or whatever, to this product, it's acting in self-preservation; power outages, spikes, brown-outs, flickers, et al, cause many electronic components to die from the jolt caused when power returns to normal, but only after an initial surge.The fix is simple. Flip the activation switch off (slid switch from right to left), unplug the power plug at the unit, unplug audio input RCA connectors. After a few seconds, plug everything back in reverse order, then activating the slide switch from left to right.Hope this helps someone.
I recently got a new hd tv but only had enough component wire slots for 1 box...it did have 2 HDMI cable slots, when I got myself a Blue Ray Player, I got a HDMI cable. But eventually I needed one more since I had 3 boxes (TV, xbox and blue ray). I figured get one when I was ready. One day I decided to look on amazon just to see how much. I was shocked when I saw this at such a ridicules price+ no shipping. So I ordered it.I read some of the reviews and saw that some had problems of it flickering the picture. So far I havent had that problem. Picture is great, same with audio. My only concern was the length. Would 6 feet be enough? But when I hooked it up to my xbox, it was the perfect length.I might get another one for another tv in the house. Get this, dont let the price fool you. It might be super cheap but it doesnt work super cheapPros:-Price-Picture-LenghCons:-None
The TEST feature is enough to buy this charger - I have 4 other "Dumb" chargers that have a LED to indicate when they are finished charging, but this will tell you how good each battery is. I use the Refresh feature whenever I have a suspect battery.Pays for itself by getting "Free" batteries. I tear apart battery packs because it's typically only one or two cells which are dead. This allows you to use the good ones and toss/recycle only the ones which are no good.I'd recommend the BC-700 version of this charger for most people. The BC-700 allows up to 500 mah charging rate while the 900 goes to 1000. Higher current charging shortens the life of your batteries so I typically charge at 200 ma.
I was thinking of purchasing an Airport Express module, but purchased this instead. It has a lower price, similar size, and a built-in 4-port switch which won me over. It was easy to configure using Safari and it's built-in setup wizard (no software needs to be installed). I got a strong signal on my Powerbook (4 bars on the Airport signal).It offers WEP, WPA, and WPA2 security. Plus you can define specific times of day the WiFi is active as well as specific computers which can access your network (handy when you are at work and want to make sure no one is piggybacking your WiFi signal). I also connected my PS2 and Vonage VoIP module and everything works flawlessly. I'm a typical Mac user who is used to easy setup and good looking equipment and I'm pleasantly surprised at this Linysys product!
The Koss Porta-Pro looks delicate, but its folding design belies a hardiness that competitors should try to emulate. All headphones require a "burn-in" period before they sound their best, and that's certainly true of the Koss Porta-Pro.After burn-in, they show themselves to be equal to their reputation. Retailing between $30 and $40 or so, they offer good fidelity at low to medium volume, but grate a bit when pushed too hard. The Porta-Pro works nicely with a variety of musical styles, pop and rock to jazz, but occasionally has trouble with the distortion levels of punk; this may not be a problem with most listeners.While the sound is clear and offers fine fidelity, songs often lack "color" -- a common complaint with less expensive headphones. Yet, compared to its competition, the Porta-Pro offers a much cleaner sound; no irritating bass thump on these phones.These are the iPod phones of choice.
The Lemark #33 OEM is one great ink cartridge. The colors seem to jump out of the greeting cards I print up and everyone notices.
This was the wrong item so I had to return it! I did not like dealing with their phone service.
I've sampled nearly the whole Sony headphone line, but the V6 is notable for its flattering sound and good value. While it's unlikely to meet the requirements of a seasoned audiophile, it will delight most everyone else with its ability to render many types of music well.The pads are extremely comfortable. (However, continued use may cause the rubber to flake after several years; Beyer makes fine replacement pads.) As you'd expect from closed headphones, the sound is a little "closed-in" -- but detailed enough to do justice to anything from classical to punk. These are fun headphones capable of a nice dynamic range.The V6 doesn't try to emulate the sound of a concert hall or a studio; rather, it offers a pleasant musical experience of its own.-- It's reasonably priced-- They play many types of music-- They're easily driven by iPods or CD players-- The V6 is (aside from the pads) an amazingly sturdy performerIf you're picky...-- The sound is "colored" (that is, not completely accurate)-- They have a closed-in sound -- a result of their being closed phonesI've since graduated to the Beyer DT880s, a notably better phone. But the V6 has legions of fans, for obvious reasons. Even people who hate Sony headphones concede the V6's attractive sound. They've served me well for over a decade.
The UMAX 2000U scanner itself is adequate, like so many scanners out there, and you'd expect this major name would offer better support. Made in 1999, it lacks the speed or image handling capabilities of its current competition. Features in, say, the current Epson models (which include smart-scanning an image, so you don't have to crop) are absent here.Unfortunately, a scanner is often no better than its software, and UMAX has left Mac OS X users out in the dark. This scanner only works with Windows and OS 9; UMAX refuses to release a software update for Mac OS X. Moreover, apps like the esteemed Silverfast -- meant to fill in the software gap -- only make drivers for OS 9.In effect, by purchasing a UMAX scanner, you risk signing up for a product that will require you to buy new hardware or software down the line. Even its OS 9 software suffered from performance glitches, like impaired scanning with the free software updates. I've been forced to upgrade (but not to a UMAX product; I've learned my lesson). That's the reason so many of these are available on internet auctions and the like.Given its archaic performance even under Mac OS 9, you have to decide for yourself whether it's a good investment to get a product with impaired short and long-term usabiliy.
As an owner of an earlier RCA DVD Recorder (DRC8040), I had high hopes for this one. RCA gets points for supporting Divx, commercial skip and HDMI out.However, this model is missing features and has a couple bugs. My biggest gripe is that RCA removed the "Split Title" feature which is a useful way to perform basic edits and to free up disc space. Also, the title screen doesn't always display correctly when playing finalized discs in other DVD players. Lastly, it seems to prefer +RW discs as I constantly got errors trying to record to plain +R DVDs.I would suggest looking at LG's line of recorders, or last year's Sony GX315.
Kingston is a name most of us have come to trust, and this flash drive is fast and easy to use - perfect for Windows or Macintosh users. Of course, if you need encryption, you'd best upgrade tot he DataTraveler II; but for daily needs, this is compact and a breeze to use.
I'm not sure if the title of "world's tiniest" still holds with Sony's MicroVault Tiny being introduced, but it sure is small! In fact, it's so wafer-thin, I keep mine in my wallet (no problems, yet!). Most USB drives I've had are too wide to fit next to other USB devices I have plugged in. This is not a problem with this device, as it is just as wide as a USB port! Copies and reads are reasonably fast, but not a speed demon. And the price of $25 for 1GB makes it a great deal.I only wish I had a 2GB model!
I've never owned an Apple product. After purchasing the 15G iPod, I am truly amazed with the quality and attention to detail. For the price, I would have been very disappointed with a poorly made product. I have absolutely no regrets. I expect to enjoy the iPod for a long, long time. The unit works perfectly, the iTunes software is very quick and easy, and some Apple accessories I purchased are of the same quality.
This is my fifth My Book I've purchased in the past few months (and first triple interface Pro model). Haven't had any trouble with any of them. It's very fast and very quiet. And they look amazing when stacked next to each other! The Pro models features a plastic case (like the Essential model) and a rubberized edge (like the Premium model). I haven't tried the backup software that ships with it -- a previous drive I had backed up with Restrospect didn't restore fully when I my laptop crashed. I now opt to use the better Super Duper to clone my drives.Just a couple notes. When formatted on Mac OS X, you end up with 465GB of storage (which is to be expected with any formatted drive). Also, the photos make out the drive to be iPod-like pearly white, which isn't correct. It's more like metallic plastic -- similar to the aluminum case of Powerbooks/Mac Book Pros.
Just FYI, on Mac OS X, it formats down to 1.78GB. (which is standard loss for any formatted drive).First the good. This drive is very fast! I was able to copy a 500MB file to it in less than a minute! It's the fastest USB drive I've used. It has a small protective case, solid feel, a bright amber status light when plugged in, and a retractable USB plug. And it's reasonably priced.Now the bad. If you have horizontal USB ports (like iBooks/Powerbooks/Mac Books), the drive is too wide to use next to an occupied port. You must unplug any USB devices next to it to make room. The supplied "U3" is useless for Macs. The drive always shows up as two separate drives on your desktop (which is annoying). Contrary to other reviews, SanDisk's tech support replied to an email within 24 hours and gave me instructions on how to eliminate the U3 partition. Unfortunately, the instructions are for Windows XP only (which isn't that big of a deal since I have an Intel iMac with Boot Camp). But users with older Macs will have to find a friend with a PC.In a nutshell, this is a fast USB drive from a trusted brand name in memory devices. But ditch the U3 as soon as you buy it, it's pure (useless) marketing hype.
This is the shorter version of the Allsop Black Faux Leather case. It's meant for CDs only as there's only room for discs and Audio CD booklets. DVD artwork will not fit into this binder. These are handsome binders that look good on any shelf. I like them better than the soft zippered binders you normally find in stores. A little pricey when you compare capacity vs. cost of other binder.
This printer uses BCI type ink tank. It is different than those ink catridges that has chip to prevent you refilling them. With ink tank, the refill is easy and clean. We could refill each tank more than 10 times easily.To refill BCI ink tank, using a philip screw driver pushing the ball located under the label into tank; Tap the hole with a 10X24 tap slightly, if you tapped too much it will leak ink; Using electrical tape seal the bottom ink sponge; fill the ink from the top; putting a 10x24 set screw in the tapped hole. You are done!To save our environment, please only buy the printers using BCI ink tanks! You will save a lot of money at the same time!
It is sad to see Canon started join HP and Epson to spend time and money putting chip in the ink cartridge. With the chip in the ink cartridge, you can not refill the ink any more. Canon saying that is their new "ink notification technology". I say that is bad for the environment and bad for the consumer.If it is really a innovative technology, Canon should allowing people to reset the chip in the software driver, after the cartrige being refilled. But NO, they joined HP and Espon to force you fill our beatiful land with all these plastic waste,take more money out of your pocket! That is against Japanese priciple that no wasting resouces!Please buy Canon printer with BCI ink tank, not CLI cartrige that preventing people from refilling!
I've used this for about a year now and it is fantastic. Sucks through piles of paper with ease and great speed. No hesitation to recommend it 100%.
This is my fourth digital camera and comes to replace my Dymage A1 that stopped working right after its warranty expired. I am a serious enthusiast photographer since 2001. The FZ50 is a handsome and light digital camera with wonderful features that work for me, such as the moving LCD screen. The screen turns all around allowing you to take yourself a picture. But the beauty of this is in some special pictures, such as putting the camera at ground level and shoot from there or lifting your camera over a crowd and still be able to frame your shot well. The full Manual Mode works so great that I might abandone the automatic all together. Pictures in the DMC-FZ50 were coming out overexposed in the automatic mode; I have solved this by shooting at S priority. One more thing: No review talks about it, not even the Panasonic official description of this camera, but the DMC-FZ50 has a very decent macro. I have been taking close up pictures my cats and of the flowers in my garden and they came out really good. For a simple person like me, 10 megapixels help me when I need to crop a third of a picture in my computer and still retain printing quality. Actually, the camera lens are excellent and I have not experienced any "noise." The viewfinder is very clear. Besides its great Zoom, this camera also takes EXCELLENT indoor pictures, better so if you use a tripod. The crude reality tough is that, although it is very easy to learn and operate, this camera is no instamatick. So you need to know some photography to really enjoy all its features and get back what you paid for. The bottom line that works for me is: I'm small, fragile and not really rich, I just cannot see myself carrying expensive SLR digital cameras with heavy and costly interchangeable lens. And, frankly, unless you want to make it into the photography business, you will not need more than this camera to take excellent pictures. In fact, this is the type of camera that might take you into the next step of your picture taking experience because it is very rewarding; so you will be taking good pictures like crazy.
This is a webcam that adapts very well to all kinds of flat screens. It is easy to use and provides excellent image quality.
Is it just me, or would everyone else assume that a power cord be supplied with this phone? Be sure to order one.
I used to have a old Leica camera that gave me really nice pictures. After playing with many different film and digital cameras in last few years, I am glad to re-discover the beauty of Leica lens on this great pocket sized camera.We have purcahsed a few different digital cameras from other brands, including Canon, Sony, and Nikon. For larger size, I really liked Nikon D70s, which takes great pictures, if you don't mind the weight and size. But my wife really likes a smaller one for taking with her in her hand bag.Many people selecting the camera with how many mega pixel first. From our experience, mega pixel is not the first critiria for selecting a good picture. For many instances, with other brand of small camera (I don't want to bash other brand, so no name mentioned here), when my wife tried to shot photos for our children, camera would not be ready until they already gone from the scene. Many times, the other small camera would not be able to get good focus. Another problem we have with other brand small camera was no enough optical zoom so that the person very small in the picture. You can see mega pixels will not help in any of those cases. From our experience, if you have taken a good picture even with 3Mega pixel, that would be able to produce a nice 8x11 inch print out.This little Panasonic DMC-TZ1K solved many of our problems. It produces fabulous pictures. Its pictures have vivid color. It reminds me my old Leica film camera in its picture quality. Its amazing 10x optical zoom with optical stablization produce really nice picture. 10x optical zoom is similar to a 200mm zoom lens in DSLR or SLR camera. This small camera also can take three pictures per seconds, instead of take three seond per picture of our old smaller digital one. Its size is not smallest for men's shirt pocket all the time, but small enough for fit in wonmen's bag without noticed.This camera has no manual focus, due to its small size. For taking picture in different situation, it has two sets of scene sittings, one set for different objects, another one for different sceneray. If you are shooting for dark situation, please make sure select the night scene setting -- this camera will emit extra light for help focus in the dark night. The camera has a built-in light meter sort of thing that showing you if the light is enough before taking the picture.If we plan to take a lot of night picture in dark places, we probably will take our Nikon D70s with a big external flash. Without flash shoe and manual focus, like all other small camera, it is hard to take good picture in dark places.With enough room light or outdoor light, getting this camera is the first step for shooting a good picture. You will be delighted that you get this camera.
I take pictures of pets and wild cats in a park nearby my home. It is too bad that professional cameras still do not have the flip down screen. I would think that even professionals need to take pictures in ackward locations. right? Anyway, I bought the Right Angle Viewfinder to compensate for this lack in my D90. The Nikon DR-6 Right Angle Viewfinder works great. It is versatile and it does not easily fall out of place. It is not cheap because it has a clear and flawless glass in it. I strongly recommend this tool. It is fun to capture subjects form interesting angles.
The Contour Rollermouse is an attractively designed device that makes a good attempt at replacing your standard mouse or trackball - and using it for the first time, you can't help but be impressed. A roller bar slides back and forth efforlessly, and that sliding bar can also be used for up and down cursor movement. The result is extremely accurate keyboard use that bypasses the need to go to a mouse whenever you need to go to a new location. Push down on the bar, and it's like a double-click.Anyone suffering from serious joint problems will find this very easy to work with, and learning to use it takes only a little longer than it would for a standard mouse. For those who don't have physical problems, the Rollermouse is likely to stave them off. It bears noting, however, that here's also a Rollermouse Pro, which has added comfort. it's only $10 more.Problems? Everyone mentions the price ($189-199), though a number of online vendors attempt to sell it at a mark-up. Certainly don't pay more than this. This does not include a keyboard - only the "roller" and a pad. Frankly, the buttons could have been somewhat bigger. But the manufacturer offers a one month free trail period, so it's really a no-lose situation.
I'm very picky when it comes to audio, an the PX100 is a solid pick when it comes to detailed, nicely rendered sound at a reasonable price. It comes with an ingenious plastic storage mechanism, and offers the kind of clear sound you expect from Sennheiser.It's an "open" headphone, so listening in enclosed places like libraries, coffee shops or your bedroom might prove annoying to others. I've found that fully-fleshed out stereo alleviates these faults considerbly, and reduces the need for added volume. There is no way to "mod" these into a more private headphone, however.These are so popular for one major reason: they have an extremely pleasing balance that has detailed highs with a solid (but not overdone) bass. Moreover, they fold up into a very small package that you can carry along with your player without any fear of damage. Although mostly plastic, they seem to have a solid build and a good potential to last. This is one of your major picks for an open portable.
We have three of these running as UPS for extended long run. They work great. With a 100AmpH deep cycle battery, it can run three servers for 5 hours. The built-in three stage charger with battery and charge indicators show the status of the battery and inveter. Many adjustment dip switch to select different battery or switching voltage.When AC lost, it will automatically switch to battery power in about 5 ms, so that computers have no downtime.The only problem with them is that the float charge phase is always on. When power outage is not that frequent, it could cause battery being overcharged. I had contacted factory to see if we can turn that float charge off or off after certain hours to avoid the battery overcharge. But they told me there is no modification allowed. The result of that is the battery dying in about 18 month to two years.Still, that is a much better solution than those regular UPS, since the battery in resular UPS can only last 15 minutes. During summer, when we have the rolling black, which lasts about two hours each time, we don't have to shutdown our computers due to power outage.
We brought two different brand switches to test. This SRW2016 from Linksys and WSR7312 from Netgear. NetGear switch is over $1000 and this one is under $400. Both of them are all gigabit ports. Linksys has 16 gigabit ports and Netgear has 12 gigabit ports.However, this SRW2016 has more functions and features than the Netgear $1000 switches. For example, this switch supports LAGs for gang ports together in different LACP groups. Netgear switch does not. This switch allowing setup STP on top the LAGs, Netgear does not. This switch loaded with current firmware, Netgear switch comes with a two years old firmware.This switch is really good bargain for its functions, features and speed. It is a shining star comparing to all those overpriced competitors.The only problem we have is that this switch generates some kind of Apple Talk probing when we have switch setup to do STP on top of LAGs. That probing caused problem to our routers and VPN servers, so we had to turn the STP off.
really nice camcorder for its price.But I would like to get one with HDD instead of MiniDV tape. Last time I brought a Canon camcorder with MiniDV for $1600, and it did not last long due to the tape head failure. So I would not get another camcorder that requires tape.Canon is lagging behind other brand to produce camcorder using hard disk drive. I wish they have one, since its optics are so good and its sensor also good in quality.
This nicely styled CD player has good sound and an attractive feature set that should make it appealing to non-audiophiles. Its inferface isn't as simple as some other players, but a short amount of study should provide a solid feel for its feature set. Perhaps best of all is its rock-solid reliability, which should make it usable for years of use - though this type of player isn't meant for hardy use. Ours still gets listened to - even well into the era of iPods.
It is a nice camcorder.But it would be nicer, if it is HDD (hard disk drive) based. The miniDV tape just not able to record the whole event I like to record. transfer file from tape to computer is also taking a long time. Wish they have a HDD version so that I can get the capture through USB port like their other HDD version camcorder!I was wrong that Sony has a HDR-SR7 and SR8 that is just as nice as this one with 60GB and 100GB HDD. You can find that in Amazon.com!
I brought this camcorder after returning my Sony HDR-SR7. I liked the Sony HDR-SR7, but it does not allow me to record online classes on computer screen -- too much ghostlines and useless for that. GZ-MG555 also has some ghostlines when I record the computer screen and TV screen, but by adjusting the settings, I can get rid of those ghostlines completely. For the Sony, I can not get rid of those ghostlines no matter what to change, even Sony Style store technician told me that is normal for Sony.So I am reviewing this camcorder with Sony HDR-SR7 in mind. Sony HDR-SR7 can record both HD and SD. JVC GZ-MG555 only allows recording in SD format. If you do not plan to get HD recorder and upgrade your DVD player to HD, buying the camcorder with HD recording will not benefit you so much, since HD format will take a lot of space to save the files. To make DVD to play for your friends, you will have to let software downward convert it for longer time.But having HD capability is a plus, so that when you need that format, you don't have to go out buy another camcorder. For me, I want to record the online classes in SD format, with HDR-SR7 with so many ghostline, I do not have much choice.The video quality in SD format are pretty much the same, comparing between the Sony HDR-SR7 to this JVC GZ-MG555. Sony's low light quality is slightly better, when not engage JVC's Nightalive feature (I will talk more about the low light recording more later). Playback directly from camcorder to HDTV set, Sony produced better video quality than JVC, since Sony's output is 1080i and JVC is 480i. However have the MPEG2 files from both burned into DVD, both has similar quality.During recording, Sony has an eye piece in addtion to the LCD screen. JVC GZ-MG555 can only be viewed from the LCD screen. At low light from that LCD screen, JVC may look not as good as Sony. But recorded video is better than the LCD displaying during recording. If you just look the LCD screen to think the quality of the video is not good, that may not be true reflection of recorded video.JVC has a built-in LED light. Under the low light condition, it can be on automatically. For a few yard distance, it helps the video a lot. Sony has a night mode, which the camcorder record in black and white. Without external light help, Sony can not match JVC with the LED light.Out of box without going to manual mode and without knowing there is a Day/Night button, JVC may not record as well as Sony in low light. But once you start using the settings in low light, it is better than Sony. On the top dial, the center is a push button. Not very obvious, but that is the Day/Night button. If you recording indoor or at low light, you should push it down to use the night setting. However, at inside house in the night with dim light, even with that still not able to record good video. JVC has a feature called NightAlive! Yes, NightAlive, it is alive once that mode is on. That is part of manual mode (dial set to M), then select the Nightalive mode by pushing the function button than lever to the left. That is an amazing effect! Beat Sony nightvision mode by a ton! It has shape color video even with not much light at all.Sony has many manual controls. However, almost all the manual control is by touch screen. That is difficult to use, since you can not actually see the result video at the same time easily. JVC GZMZ555 has one dial on the top, as well as controls next to the LCD display. Its manual control for the shutter speed and apature can be very useful and effective.However, Sony HDR-SR7 has manul focus ring that is better than JVC GZMZ555. It turns out JVC GZ-MG555 also having manual focus in the M dial, then push down on the selector. I would really hope JVC GZ-MG555 also having a manual focus ring, which would make it so much easier for advanced use. In the low light, adjusting the manual focus sometimes caused the LED light turn on, which is also on the same selector and easy to trigger by mistake.Both Sony HDR-SR7 and JVC GZ-MG555 has microphone inputs. That is a great feature for recording from computer/TV screen, or recording meeting and getting its audio feed from PA system, instead of using the built-in microphone. Sony HDR-SR7 has external headphone jack. That is great, since you could actually hear what you are recording, when the audio feed is not pickup over the air. JVC has screen display the microphone sound level, which may help adjust the sound level, but you still may want to hear what is being recorded --Since you can not tell by looking the sound level bar to identify the inpunt level is too high. JVC could make it showing red color or yellow color to indicate the microphone input is exceeding the level. But it did not do that. I ended up redo the recording because the voice was oversaturated.Sony HDR-SR7 has a remote port that is the LANC control port. JVC GZ-MG555 does not have it.JVC GZ-MG555 has a manual lens cover. Sony's lens cover is automatic. JVC when it design the lens cover also put little bit of lens hood in front of the lens. That makes JVC's filter diameter to be 46mm, while Sony at 37mm. That may fool a lot of people think JVC's lens is 46mm. That is not true. JVC's lens actually is slightly smaller than Sony's in diameter. But the lens hood makes it looked bigger.Both Sony HDR-SR7 and JVC GZ-MG555 using D.I.S that software to compensate hand shaking. Both are not as good as the O.I.S camcorder I have. Both camcorder has 10x optical zoom, but with D.I.S, you can not record good quality video by holding it by hand at 10x zoom distance.I decide to stay with this JVC for now for almost half the cost of the Sony. It allows me to record computer and TV screen. JVC has better manual controls. The MPEG2 files from JVC is good for manking DVD. I really like the JVC's NightAlive feature much better than Sony's Nightvision. Maybe in couple years, Sony can have good quality HD camcorder that can record comptuer screens. I may buy a Sony then. Or JVC's HD allowing SD as well, I will stay with JVC HD.
Sound quality is about the same as the original ear phone came from the MP3 player, but not as comfortable as the original one.
I am learning to take pictures with ND filters. This filter does the job but the glass is not completely tied within the ring. There is a little bit of movement there. Not that the glass will come out or anything but you feel it when you clean the filter.(I live overseas, so returning merchandize is our of the question. Unless, of course, it is totally defective and its price justifies the shipping costs. So far, I've been very lucky).
It took me a very long time to justify getting a higher end receiver, but in the end, I'm glad I did. There's a little thing called buyer's remorse, and I didn't get it for a second! I was blown away from the beginning. This replaced my older Denon receiver, and everything is much more detailed, and you can really "feel" the volume through my Infinity Beta series speakers now. You can't go wrong with this 7.1 capable, future-proofed receiver.
This is a handsomely designed keyboard for users on the go, and it's ideal for Palm fans hoping to avod the frustration of tapping or drawing one letter at a time. It's portable, works quickly, lasts for a long time with batteries, and folds into an appealingly small package. This adds a new level of functionality to your Palm, and it's doubtful that most users will go too far without it.Of course, you'll need a flat surface to make this work, and you should beware of the dizzying variety of different keyboards, each with their own compatibiilities (or lack thereof). I don't "Palm" without it.
Hubs are hubs, but this Belkin device has a few things that put it on a different level:- Higher power so you can use flash devices in addition to your others. Many cheaper hubs will say, "Better for low-power devices" on the packages.- Attractive, two port area on top for easy access. This well-engineered hub has five USB connections going to the back and two easy-to-locate connections in front; no more plugging and unplugging.- Activity lights on the front proves useful in flash up and downloads. It works even with power-hungry flash cards.- Solid base that keeps the hub solidly on your table.- Attractive and easy to plug-and-play. Most users don't even need ths instruction sheet.This is a crowded market, and there are lots of perfectly fine choices. But the the more you use this, the more appealing it is. The only drawback may be that additional colors (like iMac whiite) would have been desirable.
Updated May 19, 2008The device was repaired and Silex also loaded the latest firmware on it. With the new firmware, it can now auto connect and disconnect the Canon 530 Multifunction unit, so that anyone over the network can fax or print from it. I was told the problem was the faulty power supply, not really the unit itself.The key to setup this working properly is once add the printer to the favorite list, then go to option tab, make sure nothing selected on the "option setting", make sure startup "do not autoconnect" and connection lost, "do not reconnect"; In the "printer option" tab, check enable "auto connection" then select the correct printer, set the printer disconnect after 10 seconds sending job to printer.Updated May 15, 2008Since I last updated the review about this product, one of the Silex device failed. I sent email asked for the RMA, but it did not get responded immediately. I called and talked to someone who told me he would email me the documents about RMA, I waited almost a week and heard nothing, during which I had been sending two emails to their support email address and no reply. I then emailed their Japan office. Then I got an very unhappy person called me back from Silex USA and told me that I was too demanding.I sent the faulty unit back for more than 10 days now. I got no email acknoledge the receiving of the broken one, no phone call from them, and no repaired unit, either. It supposdly has two years warranty. But if they don't fail sorry for their failed unit and gave this harsh treatment for the customers experienced their failure, it may not worth it.+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++Update April 29, 2008I was able to have more than one printers connect to a USB hub all working on the office network. For single purpose printer, you canadd it to the favorite, then in the printer option to set "Enable printer auto-connect". Do NOT enable the settings in "Option settings". Then each time when you print, you will auto connected to the printer, after set expire time, it will auto disconnect.However, for MP printer, I still have to manually connect.This device will allow you to actually see the printer ink level, or reset the cartrige if you use refilled ink. Other network printer servers can not do that. Amazon has the best prince.++++++Original posting below++++++++++++++++I purchased this for Canon MP530 and it worked flawlessly. I was able to scan over the network, as well as fax and print.The CD comes with it does not have the latest software. I was using that to configure the Silex 1000U to a static IP address on our network. Then I went to Silex web site downloaded the Vista driver software.The documentation is not detailed enough for how to get multi-function units working. Before install this, you will need to take the multi-funciton unit to every computers, installed as USB device with the printer/scanner/fax drivers and tested working. Then remove the printer from computer and plug into the Silex.Then go to each comptuer installed the Silex controlling software that downloaded from Silex site. After that you can connect to the multi-function unit and enable auto-connection.The Silex document claims that you can add a USB hub behind the device and add up to 15 devices to one 1000U converter. For the MP530, it considers that being 3 devices.
The Edition 9 has taken a cue from Bose, attempting to justify its inflated price tag by calling it "The World's Most Expensive Headphone." You'll find more pleasing ways to power your iPod elsewhere. Moreover, it is strongly recommended to sample competing models to decide which "sound" is best for you. While the Edition 9 performs well, it may in someways fall short of perfection. (And in all accuracy, the Edition 9 is half the cost of its limited Edition 7; it's already contradicting its own ad copy before it's even out of the gate.- The case is astonishing, offering full production in an aluminum-lined enclosure almost worthy of protection in itself. The problem is that, with daily use, a case like this is likely to be stored in a closet. And protection may be a long-term an issue; while most listeners are satisfied, a few have complained about flaking the outer surface flaking. Since these phones are presumably going to be used for a long time, wear is a potential issue. The other "problem" is the Edition 9's ability to be folded away like the Sony V6; but it does not fold into its portable carrying case, rendering the case rather useless.- The are made of Ethiopian sheep leather, an exclusive material offers good softness and long the ability to listen with better-than-average ease.- The Edition 9 has a forgiving sound with a prominent bass (thanks to its closed design). The treble is more delicate and clear, but probably not ideal for those who crave detail.- A great-sounding headphone is worth the price. However, a superior collector's phone like the Grado HP2 can be acquired for less than the price of an Edition 9, and perfectionists (with a larger sound system) may favor the exceptional detail of the AKG K1000 - which, with the right set-up, may be the best dynamic phone out there. Even current phones from Audio-Technica may surprise. Before falling for Edition 9 ad copy, do a lot of listening.Can a headphone be "the best?" Only your ad copy knows for sure. But anyone who paid $3000 for the Edition 7 probably isn't counting pennies, either.
It works as advertised, but keep the manual close by. The user interfaceis difficult to master.The SD slot is a huge bonus -- I can record ~16 hours at the 128k rateon a single 1GB SD, and then I can quickly change the media.Would be nice if they made a real antenna connector (for FM), one whichwould allow using an outdoor antenna and still have the headphonesconnected, but if you're handy, you can build one yourself.Bottom line: Its worth it. If you want to time-shift those oddly-scheduled music programs, get this.
Sounds quality is fantastic, works great with softphones (Skype, Gizmo, etc.) and works very well for just listening to music.Pros:It folds, isn't too heavy, and has plenty of cord length.The sound quality is amazing for the price. It would be amazing at twice the price!Cons:The folding mechanism is a little fiddly; be careful not to break it at a joint as it pivots.The cord between the DSP dongle and the headset is long and thin. I keep a supply of velcro straps in my laptop bag to 'right-size' long cables, but it's still a pretty thin wire.I would love to see a protective carrying case; I'd even pay another $5 for a good one.I have told a lot of people about this headset, but the best way to persuade someone to get one is to talk to them on it with a VoIP phone. Then tell them how much you paid for it.
In FAX standard, it can send or receive black/white or color fax. FAX machines knows the incoming fax is black/white or color. However, in this fax machine, Canon purposely using color inks to compose the black color, so that the black color can run out quickly.We have this fax machine for about six month, total useful fax is about 30 pages and about 300 pages of junk faxes. All the incoming faxes are black and white, not color. But the color ink ran out today after printing about 330 pages black and white faxes.I earlier stated this multifunction unit did not allow refill inks. But if you have a computer connected to its USB port and install all the driver software to the PC, you could go into the ink details to acknoledge the warranty being void on the head. The software will prompt you to press and hold cancel button for 5 second for each color. Then it will work with refilled ink catridges.Nevertheless, I don't like the trick they played by using color inks to compose black. Otherwise, it is a nice all-in-one device. I have kept telling Canon support, if Canon can make good quality printers like this one, without putting the tricks to consumer more color inks and allowing people to refill, even void the head warranty but not disable the ink monitoring capability, I don't mind to pay then extra $100 for Canon printers.
This could be a nice switch, if the firmware update can be available. However, Netgear had stopped issue any firmware update to this switch for some years.On the other hand, GS724T switch is being constantly updated with latest bug fix and protocol supports, etc. So I end up returned this one and get the GS724T instead. GS724T works very well.
I have an Olympus digital camera, was thinking about on purchasing an Olympus Card, but, why? Just to able to take &quot;panoramic&quot; photos? So, for the price, I choose the SanDisk, a to my surprise, the card is just great, had no problems since I bought it (2 months ago) and had been using it over and over.
After reading many reviews, I decided to go with the Sennheiner PX100 headphones. I have had them for a week now & just absolutely LOVE them. I bought them to use with my Ipod Nano (much better than the cheap earbuds that come with it of course). I am by no means an "audio tech", but I can tell you that you most likely wont be disappointed with them! They sound wonderful to me. They fit very comfortably to me, I can wear them for very long periods of time, but, it is true that they do kind of make your ears "sweaty", but if your working out/walking etc. your going to sweat anyways. Ok, "girly" comment: I specificaly bought the white pair to match my pink Ipod & they look very nice ladies. Overall GREAT buy!!
We have a few of this UPS. They are pretty reliable, compared to those APC brand similar size UPS. The battery in this unit can last 10 minutes with load. After the original battery dead 3 years later, I open the battery door on the back, connect the battery wires to a large 50AH 12V Sealed Lead Acid Battery originally for solar power use.This UPS is able to charge up the big battery -- it took days, but working great when AC lost -- this 50AH large battery will last few hours, instead if few minutes for two of our servers.Do not use the regular lead acid car battery. They have different charge characters. Make sure use sealed lead acid batter, you will be pleased.
This is simply the best reader around the market. This is is a 6 in 1 solution, I use smart media, SD and memory stick and never had a problem with this reader using XP Pro on my PC and laptop, so I don't get why the negative reviews.
This is so called HOSTRAID line. It means the RAID funcitons are depending on the host CPU to perform. The Adpater itself has limited function including building the RAID ssslllooowwwly. I can not blame Adaptec for this, since I knew the HOSTRAID meaning.I attached two 1.5TB drives to this RAID card. The card successfully identified both drives are 1.3TB in size. After 30 hours building the RAID (mirroring two drives in RAID 1 mode), the card appears to be stuck at 73%, which is about 1TB in size. This is a surprise to me, since I do expect the card to build the RAID all the way. I had to push reset button to be able to unfreeze the computer.In normal RAID, the size is limited to 2TB. For some reason, this card lockup at 1TB size. I am not sure I want to keep this card, since I really want to use the full capacity of my two drives.The card looks like a reliably made, so replacing to a new card will not solve the size limit problem. The LED connectors for HDD activity light is not powerful enough to light up the LED on the chassis. They only dimmly lit the LED lights, just like all other Adaptec RAID cards we have.
Amazing what can be packaged in such a small case. This camera takes incredible pictures. I had a Cannon digital camera before, and I was very happy with it, this one surpasses my expectations. The movies are very crisp, and look almost as good as if they were filmed with a camcorder. The only minus for the price it costs is you can't zoom in the movie mode once you start recording. I have a friend with an Olympis which does zoom in this mode but no sound, and the movies look like they are filmed on an old super8 movie; fun but I'll be keeping my Cannon. If you want to film in different perspectives just stop filming change the zoom, and shoot some more. Then make your movie with the easy to use software. Editing the movies with transitions is actually a lot of fun. If you set the price aside this camera is a very good value. You're not going to buy a camera every few months so spend the money, and get what you will really be happy with.
I purchased this remote for my Ipod Video (30GB). When I first took it out of the box, I was very happy, its color is the same as my iPod (black) and it also has the same width.The unit fits OK with the iPod and the remote control is small and cool, but I found some flaws:1. The unit easily disconnects if you maneuver the iPod in the car, for example, and I don't mean a drastic movement.2. The remote control, it says up to 150ft.... yeah right, that is NOT true, even within the car (I have a small car) if you don't point the remote directly to the unit, it won't work. It also is kind of slow when you push the button to change a song and when the iPod actually change it.The reason I rate this with 2 stars is because the unit, when it works, takes away that uncomfortable task to change the song by touching the iPod itself.
I brought different raid cards to build a mirror with two 1.5TB drives. First I brought Adaptec raid cards and they failed me. Adaptec support eventually told me they having four models raid cards supporting larger than 1TB drives. But those are not only more expensive, but also PCI-E x8 card, not fit my motherboard with only PCI-E x2 bus. (many motherboard with a PCi-E x16 slot next to CPU, that slot is for video card only, not support RAID).Called LSI support, they told me they did not test with any drive larger than 1TB either, but they told me they did not have any code to prevent larger drives working with their raid card. So I brought one of this card. I first went to LSI web site downloaded the newest firmware and updated the card. Then I connected two Samsung 1.5TB drives to the card.I easily built a 1.5TB mirror raid using this card! It is twice faster than the Adaptec new SAS raid cards, too! (Adaptec cards would always failed at 73%, which is about 1TB).To update the firmware, I boot DOS from floppy, and put an old hard drive as C drive and formatted with DOS and load the megacli.exe and 8344ELP firmware on the C drive. Once boot up the DOS from floppy, I changed to C drive, than typed the following command to check the 8344ELP card:megacli -AdpAllInfo -aALLto display the card infomartion. Then type the following command to update the firmware:megacli -AdpFwFlash -f firmware_filename -aALLIt is working great!
I have this switch behind a DSL modem. Since DSL speed is only 8Mb/s, the 10/100 speed is plenty. The unit is nice looking and running cool.However, it suddently stopped sending traffic through it today, even all the lights are working fine. I powered down all the computers and reboot DSL modem many times, could not find anything wrong -- until I replaced this switch with another one.I don't know what was wrong with it. All lights work fine. when a cable plugged in, the ports lighting up fine. But no traffic passing through. I was hoping if it died, at least the light also off, so that I could know it is this switch's fault.
What can I say? It does everything it is supposed to do at a fantastic price. I purchased this for my office and am very pleased. Yes, one review mentions that it doesn't print close to the margins, but knowing that I am still impressed. One should also note that feeding multiple pages in the top feeder; sometimes one will go in crooked. Those are the only two things about the machine itself. The print quality is great, and the cartridges are readily available on Amazon. The setup process was pretty quick although there is a never ending list of updates to the software itself which will take about an hour to complete.
I brought this switch for one star office six month ago. The QoS feature made the VOIP call so good (work with D-Link VPN router that can set the QoS). So I decided to buy another one from Amazon. This one is even better with improved hardware!I noticed some customers reported the life span only about a year or so from some past reviews. So when I brought last one six months ago, I opened it up, and glued on a heatsink to the switch IC, that significantly reduced the switch IC temperature.This one I just brought from Amazon, I opened it try to add heatsink. To my pleasant supurise, this revision hardware already have heatsink on the switch IC!Immediately VOIP sound quality improvement with this switch. Even when we were doing ISP speed test, the VOIP phone call not affected at all. Amazing!
This works really well with the psp and you don't need the adapter. It holds all of my memory. If you have a psp you should buy this 8 gbs pro duo card. You'll need the space.
I own a Sony Wega KV-27FS13 and am extremely happy with it. I needed a smaller version of this for my girlfriend's bedroom. I was convinced to purchase the 20 inch version but was disappointed by Sony's lack of any quality connectors? No S-Video or Component? The Toshiba right next to it in the store, had the flat screen, 3 Line Digital Filter, S-Video, and Component connectors! Same price, equal quality, and better connector options! I bought the Toshiba 20AF41 and have been more than pleased. S-Video performance from a Monster S-Video 3 cable connected to DSS is outstanding! Colors are very bright and dynamic. Picture is very clear with microscopic pixellation. Color Stream performance with the aid of a Monster Component 3 cable connected to the Toshiba SD-1700 dvd player could rival HDTV viewing. There are no arguments over tv viewing. I love going to her room to watch DSS and DVDs!! I love numerical adjustments for the various menu options as opposed to Sony. BBE sound option brightened higher frequencies. I can't imagine a better 20 inch television for [the price]? Make quality connections with S-Video to DSS and you will be very happy. Don't go cheap on S-Video cables. They make a difference. That includes Component cables also. Your picture quality is only as good as your connecting cables. My only quibble is I wish there were temperature adjustments like my 27 inch Sony. A front S-Video input would be very cool also. An excellent buy!
I just received this Terk HDTV amplified antenna. I couldn't wait to hook it up to my new 24" Samsung SyncMaster T240HD computer monitor/with HDTV television tuner. I'm blown away! I live about 10 miles north of Boston, inside a brick building and surounded by many homes and trees -- and I am getting (about 10 channels) simply dazzling high definition TV channels. With this Terk antenna it says you need to always have it plugged in, even if you switch the power to it off. Even with this Terk antenna switched off I get dazzling HDTV.I dropped cable TV months ago because of all the commercials. That saved me $70 per month ($840 yr). Who needed cable TV? I'm a "movie freak", not a commercial freak. The commercials simply steal your time. It's criminal to have to pay (cable) and be forced fed commercials also. Sitting 3 feet away from a good 1080p full HTDV monitor is like being in the 3rd row of a movie theatre. For $14 a month, NETFLIX lets me watch commercial free movies downloaded to my computer to watch nearly instantly. And they just upped their selection by teaming with STARZ. Now with this new 24 inch HDTV/computer monitor - I've made my computer my entire home entertainment system. Hello free HDTV. Good bye cable... This works great for a single computer geek like me. Tired of computing? No problem, download a movie, watch your own DVD movie, or switch the remote to the computer monitor to TV, and watch free HDTV coming over the air. Thanks TERK! You made this free HDTV possible.Terk HDTVa Indoor Amplified High-Definition Antenna for Off-Air HDTV Reception
I found these headphones to be a big improvement over the standard Apple iPod headphones and Coby CV series headphones. I listen to a lot of hip hop and really enjoyed the extra bass these provided. However, the nice thing is that it's not an exaggerated bass. You won't hear the deep lows when listening to Billy Joel, for example.The other great feature is that they come with earbuds in three sizes. I use the small size and they fit perfectly in my ear. I use these while working out and never have any problems with them slipping out. Finally, you have a nice choice of colors and can choose something other than boring white or black.At this price point, I would consider these an excellent purchase.
I researched binoculars for 2 years before I purchased these. I have a good pair of 10x42 that I have used for 6 years, but there were three problems with them. 1) field of view (and they have a very wide field of view) 2) no locking diopter adjustment (more of a pain than you can imagine 3) not waterproof (this has never been a problem but better safe than sorry).I wear glasses and the eye relief is very important to me. These have fantastic eye relief. These have locking diopter adjustment. Now for the field of view. Wow!!! My 10x42 has a field of view only about 5% less on paper but the eye relief of the Nikons makes them appear to have a field of view of about 30% more. I can't emphasize enough how important this is when you are trying to find a bird among the branches of a tree.The Nikons focus smooth as silk and the focus is relatively quick. Better than my 10x42.My only complaint. I sure wish they could focus to 6 feet instead of only 10. Looking at butterflies and dragonflies is a problem. You have to keep stepping back and back to focus.These are a lot of money, but if you have the dinero (and I might add a two week birding trip will cost you a lot more than these), the investment will be worth it.PS. If you are not a birder, I can not imagine needing a pair of binoculars like these.
I had read all the reviews on this product, and most of them had a positive review, I decided to purchase the product, and yes! it was that easy to set up, and it's working great... no problems to date... this product delivers.. 110% satisfied customer... Before purchasing this product, I had heard that setting up a network was going to be a hassle. but with this product, It was no problem, everything is automatic, you just plug it in and the router configures it self. even when I have friends come over the bring their laptop plug in into the router and have instant net access, no need to configure, the router does everthing automatic. Now, that's automatic!
this case if extremely useful for holding Pentax W camera. The front pouch is helpful for holding second battery or extra SD memory cards. It doesnt hold camera very well if you have purchased the "skin" for the camera, but it does fit if you jam it in there. Overall i am happy with the purchase of this case.
Recevied product and installed as per instrucitons.Supplied CD is missing requried software and item does not work without itSIIG web site is opaque and they do not answer their emailNo responseNo supportNo softwareAm trying to get Amazon to take it back.
I bought my first visor edge right when the first came out, about two years ago. I loved the color (I got red), I loved the sleek style, and at the time it was just as fast as anything else out there. I am currently on my NINTH Handspring Visor Edge. They last on average about three months before they die. Most often, it has a fatal error crash that it can't recover from, no matter how many hard resets I do. I don't run any hack software or anything fancy. Just the standard addressbook, calendar, and a couple games. These things should have never been released. They are just plain buggy. After the first two replacements, Handspring wanted to charge me $... for each replacement but so far I've been able to talk them out of it each time. My warantee has run out and I must say, I don't think I've gotten my $... worth of use yet (that was what I payed for it when it first came out). We'll see how long this one lasts. Right now I'm on a record 6 months. I can't recommend this to anybody that wants a reliable PDA.
this is only useful if you are worried about the battery cover coming off while taking underwater photos. I bought one and rarely put it on my camera because it makes the buttons hard to press when it is on. It is very cheap so i cant say i am extremely disapointed, but they could have made it a little better.
Received brand new Ipod Shuffle for a birthday.I have a new Sony computer with Windows XP.I spent 6 hours trying to communicate with the Ipod. Apple support not helpful. You must download software from website. I did all that, with negative results. I went into Apple discusiion forum and found this problem to be vey common. I would think Apple would get in gear and fix this.
This really is a gem. Comes with a SATA-to-eSATA cable-bracket that acts as an adapter for computers (like mine) that don't have eSATA. Also includes an eSATA cable, a USB cable, power supply, and a simple, removable stand.It only took a couple of minutes to install the bracket. Windows XP recognized the drive immediately, I ran a backup successfully (we got this drive exclusively for external, removable backup).Also ran a speed test, just copying 1.46GB from the internal drive to the new one in 58 seconds.That was on a computer that had a SATA-II (3Gb/sec) controller. Having bought a second adapter bracket, I installed it on another computer that has just vanilla SATA (1.5Gb/sec), then connected this external drive to see what would happen.Worked fine, copied 1.57GB from the internal drive to the new one in 64 seconds. So, maybe SATA-II is marginally faster than SATA-I, but not enough to matter. The important thing to me was that the drive works with both kinds of SATA controllers.Back to the drive itself: it is silent and the aluminum case stays cool to the touch. I have two other external drives in aluminum cases (one uses USB/Firewire, the other is Network-attached storage), and all of them run cool and quiet.At this price and with this speed and ease of use, there's just no excuse for not doing frequent offline backups.
Having pretty much abandoned my minidisc player since I began driving a car with a built-in CD player, but not wanting to have my minidisc player and all my discs go to waste, I wanted to get something to enable me to use the player in the car. I've used cassette adapters in the past, but most of them aren't terribly sturdy, and don't hold up to all the use I've typically put them through. (Since I don't like to leave cassette adapters in the player - in order to preserve the pinch roller in case I do actually want to listen to an actual cassette - the cord connecting the adapter to whatever portable player I'm using typically wears out after a while.)I'd been interested in the idea of one of these little FM transmitters since I first read about them a couple of years ago, but never got around to it until now.I'm probably going to go back to cassette adapters, because this unit really doesn't work all that well. At home, its 10-30 foot range is actually more like 3 inches - yes, inches. Anything beyond that, and there's more static than music, regardless of the broadcast frequency selected.In the car, things are better, but still far from good. First, there's just way too much static, especially when you consider that the transmitter is IN THE CAR AND NEXT TO THE RADIO. The background static is not too bad if the music is loud enough, but there's still enough to be noticeable, as well as some crackles (random, not indicative of an overloaded signal or distortion) here and there. I'd actually encounter less static if I were to just pick a radio station and listen to that. Sort of defeats the purpose of the whole enterprise, methinks.Second, the unit just does not put out much volume. Even with my minidisc player at maximum volume, I still have to turn the car radio up twice as loud as usual to get a listening level I'm comfortable with.Third, even though the transmitter is sitting in the car and next to the radio, if it's not in just the right position the reception won't be clear. And any little movement - such as, I don't know, putting my hands on the steering wheel - affects the reception.In short: Good idea, bad execution. Weak signal, limited range.
I bought a ReplayTV before Christmas but found that my old TV and video didn't have the right connectors to go with it. The ReplayTV manual told me how I could work around this problem, but it looked like the workaround would give me poorer picture and sound quality, so I sadly decided to return the ReplayTV and wait until I get a new TV. If you own an ancient TV and video, think twice about trying out the Replay. And, if you're about to buy a new TV, make sure you get one with s-video to ensure best performance with new gadgets like the Replay.Having said that, Amazon's service was so good and its returns department so helpful, that it was no hassle to try the machine out and then return it. If you're unsure about buying one, the 30-day return policy certainly makes it painless to check the system out. Even though I didn't get to use the Replay, I was impressed by the manual (I'm a documentation writer myself) and the easy setup guide.
There were two small spots on reference photos taken with my Nikon D40x. Based on recommendations here and at some good photography websites, I bought the Rocket Blaster and a 4-pack of pre-moistened Sensor Swabs from Amazon.The Sensor Swabs added more spots than they removed, and also streaked the sensor. (The new spots and the streaks were apparent in reference photos.) Given the many positive comments people have posted about the Sensor Swabs with Eclipse-2, I attribute these problems to my own lack ot skill.With some trepidation, I switched to the Rocket Blaster, cotton swabs (Cue-Tips), and moist breath (distilled water vapor). After several iterations of blowing, wiping, blowing, and testing, all of the streaks and most of the spots were gone, and there were no scratches. Finally, I just used the Rocket Blaster (no physical contact) between test shots until all of the spots were gone.So, the sensor is fine again, and I was lucky not to have damaged the sensor. It's possible that the only way to remove the original spots was by using the Sensor Swabs, but the Rocket Blaster is what really helped the most.Now for a couple of comments about the Rocket Blaster itself: it puts out a lot of air and is very easy to squeeze. There's a one-way valve to minimize sucking air back through the nozzle.At first, I thought the four fins at the base were just a decorative gimmick, but in fact, they are feet: the Blaster stands on them, so the tip of the nozzle doesn't have to touch the table.So, as the title of this review says, I'd suggest trying the Rocket Blaster before spending money on something else. You may have to squeeze it many times, but it won't hurt anything as long as the tip doesn't touch the sensor.P.S. Although the cotton swabs / moist breath worked for me, I do NOT recommend that method.Update, 2009-08-13.Got a new camera yesterday. It came with a self-cleaning sensor and a large, prominent spot of dust on the sensor. Well, wasn't that considerate of the manufacturer, to give me an excuse to see how well the self-cleaning feature works?Didn't work. Tried several times. Began to feel just awful.But! Sitting on the shelf is the Giottos Rocket Blaster, which I bought a couple of months ago and have discussed in the original review above.Flipped up the mirror, squeezed the Rocket Blaster hard, several times, put the mirror back down, put on a lens, and took some more test shots.No dust.Life is good... again.NOTE: the tip of the Rocket Blaster is hard plastic, which you do not want to contact anything in your camera. I cut the tip off a soft rubber ear syringe and stuck it on the tip of the Rocket Blaster. Nothing should ever touch the sensor, but this gives a little protection against human error.
I bought the spouse a Wii and now we have a dvd player, XBox 360, and a Wii...I had tried a Radio Shack splitter (house brand) which introduced switching noise and degraded the image quality of both units. I bought this one based on its size, cost, and lack of an external power supply.Size: the unit is about 5" long--like a Dunkin Donuts bagel, and about 1/2 the thickness.Cost: Less expensive than other units out there, about 1/2 the price of a GE push-button model.Power supply: none needed! I think I have quite enough devices that need to plug in--my house is full of 'power vampires', so having a standalone unit was important to me.The rotary knob is basically idiot proof, and moves through its range of motion smoothly. The unit itself is light but doesn't feel cheap.Not tidy: someone else called it an 'octopus' and I would tend to agree. This is not a design fault, it's in the nature of the beast. You'll have to find a place to hide it for sure.Over all I'm very pleased with this product.
I've been using an Explorer 1 to carry a Nikon D40x+lens, two extra lenses, and a flash. Everything "kind of" fits, but the bag's overstuffed, so the camera sticks up above the zipper. The bag closes, but bulges, with the LCD pressed against the top flap. A Nikon D90 is just a teeny bit taller & wider, so it sticks up even more... too much more for my peace of mind.The Explorer 2 is just a little bigger in all dimensions than the Explorer 1... big enough to comfortably hold all the same equipment for the D90, and the camera does not protrude. The "2" also comes with a pair of horizontal dividers to let you stack things on top of each other, on either side of the camera. Getting to a lower lens might be a little challenging, and my gear doesn't need these; but they could be useful for some people.This Explorer 2 is only $5 more than the Explorer 1, and I wish I'd gotten it in the first place, only because it's roomier. The construction and extra pockets are the same for both bags: excellent workmanship, good protection, and places for lots of little things.
I bought the Memorex player first and it was a total piece of chirping, skipping doo-doo. I returned it and bought the Rio Volt. I put the same CD that was giving the Memorex player fits into the Rio and it played just great. What a smart little device. It starts playing the MP3 player while reading it into memory and once in memory, it spins down the CD to conserve battery power. Shuffle works well. They could've done a lot more with the LCD screen instead of wasting space on that stupid dancer icon. The graphic designer that thought that one up should be fired. Otherwise a perfectly designed little toy. I love it.
I've found this flash to be excellent, especially in bounce modes. The results using that feature were far superior to what I was getting with the 420. The extra power comes in handy even if you don't bounce it and the colors are usually spot on. I've also used it as fill flash outdoors, but I have had problems with faces getting bleached out. I have had good results when people aren't involved though, so maybe it is just operator error. The current price ($420) is much too high though. I only paid $360 and it was definitely worth that.
Is very elegant whit Titanium Case... good choice for a business male or women... and ofcorse work great too...
I have had this camera for almost a year now. It has gone on a couple trips with us, the major test being the trip to Mexico. No sand or water problems with this camera. The picture quality is good when I manage a decent shot. We are very happy with this camera.
In short, I purchased this speaker system at Target for approx $65 earlier this year. I see the price has nearly doubled. This is a great system and a steal at $65! I'm buying my second set through Amazon at twice the price! My only complaint.... why did Logitec discontinue this line? I see the price shot through the roof when people caught on that these speakers are really good.
"Snag-resistent" would be more accurate: a pair of flexible plastic "ears" guard the release lever that is the bane of normal CAT-5 cables, but those ears can bend down so that the lever is unprotected. Otherwise, it's fine, and the price was right. I will buy more of these when needed.
I bought this recorder so I could record the professor and play back his lecture during my 2+ hours of commuting each day. I sat in the middle of the room and the recorder worked fine for that task and the play back was clear.What I ended up using the recorder for more was taking notes on the recorder after lecture, verbally, and then listening to those notes during my commute. Recording yourself is actually difficult, not because of the recorder, but because you feel like a dork recording your self.I would give the recorder six stars if it could automatically removed all the awkward pauses, ums and other stumbles from my self recordings.
I bought this to replace my old 5-CD changer, and thought I'd get DVD as a bonus. Unfortunately, its design as a multifunction device makes it a poor choice for playing CDs. A bad UI and frustrating useability finally caused me to return it.* Too long to startup: you must wait through a 30+ second "boot up" cycle while it scans all discs, ignoring the Play button until a small cryptic indicator on the front panel indicates it's ready. Only then can you press Play.* No auto-play: unlike my old CD changer, you cannot program it to start playing a CD at power up. You are forced to wait through the entire boot cycle in order to manually press the Play button.* No automatic sequential disc play: after the boot sequence, you must press the dedicated Sequential play button on the front panel - you cannot set Sequential play from the remote!* No "Disc Skip" button on the remote: you must know which disk is currently playing, and specifically select the next one.* Remote is too small, too many buttons, clearly DVD-centricOn the plus side, the CD audio quality was good, and the picture out of the S-video port was great, although on the 3 DVDs I rented there were always some sections on the "Extra Features" tracks that glitched during playback.In short, I could only recommend this product if you don't have enough room for 2 dedicated devices and need multifunctionality - otherwise, take the same $...and buy a...DVD and a...CD changer.
Made of aluminum. I use mine on a Nikon Prostaff 3-9x40 Rimfire scope. Nikon USUALLY sets the bar very high.Update: I noticed that this sunshade has white lettering on the outside that detracts from the beauty of this cover. This advertisment for Nikon is in the wrong place or does it even need to be there?Also the sunshade screws into the scope threads ending up being a smaller diameter than the scope which makes it look like the wrong sunshade? What was Nikon thinking here? It works but I call it a poor design. Shame on you Nikon because you do make high quality scopes which I own several. I would NOT buy this again nor recommend it. If you need a sunshade be sure to look at the scope and sunshade together before you commit to a purchase.
Bushnell. That is all the review that is really necessary. When you go with the leading binocular company, quality is built in.
Typical Chinese clumsiness and low quality. The on off button is too easily bumped to on, and the little sack they call a case is so tight it activates the on button.I cannot carry it in my pocket or briefcase without turning it on and depleting the batteries, so it sits in or on my desk. I leave it out, and no one will even steal it. Both of the two I have had were intermittent. The first one had the display die, but it was replaced under warranty. Wish they had given me a TI BA II+ instead. Wish I had bought one instead.The third one just had the display fail. All the characters are not complete.What a tragedy that a fine company like HP used to be is now peddling such junk.
I love the shaver, and use it daily. Every week I start the wash function and am amazed at how the solution cartridges release the cleaning fluid and returns it to the cartridge. Easy to insert, and I think they are priced at a reasonable rate.
After buying several Mack warranties, I finally had a Nikon fail. They said there was physical abuse. I asked them exactly what they were talking about, as the camera had always been in a foam case, and was perfect, just locked up when turned on. They did not respond. After several unanswered phone calls and letters, I told them to send it back. They never did.They are weasels!Search Google for "Mack Warranty" and get other opinions before you buy. Way too many people have been ripped off by them. I expect sleazy dealers to sell them, but cannot understand why seemingly reputable stores continue to sell them.
I loved this printer until one of the color inks ran empty. Then it refused to print until I replaced the low cartridge. It would not even print black text in grayscale, which does not use any the color cartridges.So, out I went to buy a new cyan cartridge. It turns out that I had to buy a whole set of cartridges, at over $80. I couldn't buy just the one I needed. I had visions of myself spending $80 every time just one color emptied, as I collected a whole shelf full of colors I didn't need. I couldn't believe it, so checked other stores, and they were all the same. So, this extorniate piece of crap goes in the dumpster, and I will never, ever, buy a printer without checking on the ink situation. And I will never, ever buy another Canon printer because of this.
I read the reviews here but hoped that by december Yamaha would have resolved the firmware bugs that are causing the drive to not work well on many systems. Well, not yet, I got a build from November 2000, downloaded the December firmware update and the Adaptec software update, but at least on my Win2000 system, the drive had problems reading some CD's (including 2 of the 3 software CD's that came with the drive), would spontaneously &quot;unplug&quot; itself, and could not write a CD. This was not a problem with the IDE settings or DMA. So best to wait for another firmware update unless you're prepared to take a chance. I returned it and am very happy with the replacement, a Plextor 12/10/32.
The picture from this projector is good for its price range, but the bulb failed after 300 hours. Other reviewers have experienced this, so it sounds like the lamp rarely lasts the advertised 2000 hours. At $350 for a replacement lamp, it makes this a poor choice for a budget projector.
I like the features of my Zen micro. But the product is VERY fragile. I won't buy another Creative product in the future because of my bad experience with this product.First, let me say that I bought the Zen Micro because I wanted a full-featured MP3 player, but I didn't want to pay for the "coolness" factor of the Ipod. I liked that the Micro had a replaceable battery, and an FM radio (although the radio doesn't pull in a good signal most of the time).But I am on my 4th replacement Zen Micro. The first time was because of the loose headphone jack problem. The second was because my 2 yr old son got hold of it and dropped it 12 inches onto a hardwood floor. The third time is because I dropped it about 2 feet onto a hard carpet floor while taking it out of my pocket. It not like I was throwing it around. It's a portable device; it's gonna get dropped! Creative should make these more sturdy! Hopefully I can keep my 4th Micro without breaking for a while.If you insist on buying the Zen Micro, here are my suggestions.BE SURE YOU BUY AN EXTENDED WARRANTY FROM THE STORE when you buy this product. The BestBuy 2 year warranty was worth the 50 bucks it cost me.Keep the player in the case provided, It's bulky, and makes it hard to keep in a pocket, but will provide a level of protection.DON'T use the belt clip. The clip essentially slides into the case but does not latch or lock or anything. The clip comes loose VERY easily from the case and will cause you to drop your player.To prevent the headphone jack from breaking, I rolled a strip of paper into a tube, and slipped it around the space between the jack and the case. This prevented the headphone jack from moving and breaking the solder connections. Creative may have fixed the headphone jack soldering on new models, but I'm not taking the chance.Buyer Beware!
I can confirm that this product is definitely not compataible with the Ipod Touch 2g (wrong charging voltage causes error message), and I've also heard it won't work with the Iphone 3G.
PROS-Great for bringing to a sporting event or theatre event.-Can be worn around the neck-Comes with a simple cleaner napkinCONS-May not satisify hardcore sight seers-Not intented for long-range viewing-Vision width is relatively small and therefore can be tiring to view through the binoculars for more then a minute.Bottom LineThis is a great pair of binoculars to bring to any place you think their might be interesting sights. However, some users may get tired using the binoculars for extended periods of times. There are better binoculars.
There aren't many products on Amazon.com with such a high percentage of rave reviews, but after a few days of using the harman/kardon Go+Play I can say that the enthusiasm of so many people is absolutely warranted. The sound quality isn't just the best I've heard in any iPod speaker system under $500; it's better than I would have imagined possible in a relatively inexpensive, portable, powered system. Indeed, the Go+Play comes closer in sound quality to decent standalone speakers than to other iPod docking speakers. The sound is well-balanced, detailed, clean, with plenty of bass, yet not boomy. The soundstage is of course limited, as the system is fairly compact, but it's acceptable. Overall, this is a subtle but noticeable improvement over the Logitech Pure-Fi Elite which I'd used for almost a year before buying the Go+Play.Build quality is very good, and the steel handle and speaker surrounds look great, though this is obviously a matter of taste. In terms of features, this system is pretty minimalist, no tone adjustment or radio tuner, though a line-in jack is included for non-iPod sources. However, the sound is so good I have no desire for bass/treble controls, and for radio you can always hook up an external tuner (HD tuners are pretty inexpensive).The unit I received in early May 2009 is of the newer revision B, which does away with the video and USB ports (the video output was incompatible with newer iPods anyway, so no big loss) and has better compatibility (i.e. charging) with newer iPods. No dock insert was included for my iPhone 3G or iPod Nano 4G, but both worked just fine and charged in the unit. (The iPhone asked me to turn on Airplane Mode, but that's pretty typical for accessories not specifically designed to work with the iPhone.) Since the Go+Play works with universal dock inserts, you can just buy a pack of inserts for your specific iPod model, if one isn't included with the Go+Play.One disadvantage others have mentioned is the design of the dock, which has the player lying flat (facing the sky) or at a slight angle, making it hard to see the screen. This was not a deal-breaker for me, though it does limit the usefulness of the remote's ability to navigate the iPod (in addition to standard volume/track skip adjustments). It should be noted that the remote is RF rather than infrared, so you don't have to point it straight at the Go+Play for commands to be received. There's a storage compartment for the remote in the rear of the unit, a nice touch.Now for a bit of a rant. The manual is almost comically brief, with more words on required regulatory notices than on how to actually operate the unit. (Was it really necessary to translate the FCC notice into every single one of the fourteen other languages? Surely the users in Sweden don't care about Part 15 of the FCC rules?) Also, if the manual is so brief anyway, why produce a second manual for the remote (which has six buttons) rather than including the remote in the main manual? It might be common for cars to come with multiple manuals these days (one for the GPS, one on maintenance, etc.) but for an iPod speaker, really?Two minor things: 1) It seemed at first my unit was wobbling, but I realized this was because the rear leg's height is adjustable. The manual doesn't mention this, of course. 2) It's a little tricky to get the inserts to fit securely into the dock, I fumbled with it for quite a while before I finally got it. I'm still not sure what the "trick" is, because with every other iPod docking device I've used, the universal dock inserts just click right in. It is important to get a secure fit because otherwise your iPod may cut in and out.
I purchase Canon products for my two Canon printers. I have a 970I and a new MP500. I have found that using Canon ink and paper always gives me outstanding quality photos. The BCI-6BK black ink tanks are easy to load and there is never any ink mess. The black ink seems to be darker than other brands when used with a Canon printer.
Really improved iBook G4 12''. I was surprised at how high Apple store was on RAM. I do not know if theirs is better, but I doubt it is 2x better (the equivalent in cost as of August 2005).
The 80 GB iPod is the most polished and fully-feature iPod to date. Music, videos, photos, podcasts, games, and notes in the palm of your hand. In addition, an 80 GB behemoth is at your fingertips too. However, the iPod does have some minor but noticeable flaws.PROS:- Most sophisticated iPod yet with music, videos, photos and more- Brighter backlight then its preceding generation- Extended battery life gives more video playback time- Spacious 80 GB hard drive- Five year old and aging click wheel continues to show its ease of use- Well supported by the prestigious iTunes 7 media program- Overall, a well rounded media player that everybody should haveCONS:- Overall, no new major installment to the iPod then its last version.- As its predecessor, iPod screen and especially body very prone to nicks and scratches. Also leaves unattractive fingerprints and smudges.- Small iPod screen not ideal for extended periods of video-watching.- Very narrow video-format compatibility- Does not contain official software or instructions on how to convert common video file formats such as AVI or MPEG to the video format the iPod only reads, MP4- FireWire functionality has disappeared and is no longer compatible
I researched for days and months to find the right mp3 player. Considering the price, I thought the sandisk brand would suit my needs. It turned out to be very disappointing experience. When you look at the pictures of the sansa, you assume It is going to be somewhat thin, but not as thin as the ipod nano. Sadly, you will be mistaken because it is FAT has heck. The radio and voice recording are awful and produce poor quality sound and static. Also, what's up with the battery cover? It looked loose and it shooked. The plastic material used to make the sansa looked and felt extremely cheap and non-durable.It's not worth it. In less than a day, I returned the sansa to circuit city and brought the ipod nano.
Previous experience: Having set up several routers for myself, friends, etc., I bring to the table some experience in setting up routers. Call me an "advanced beginner."I bought this wireless router based on the strength of the reviews here and have been plagued by it for the past several days. In an effort to improve my security from WEP (previous Hawking router) to WPA-PSK, I've exchanged insecurity for unreliability. It comes with a promising installation CD and a manual, to its credit, but a hang-up during the installation process did not bode well, and it's been downhill ever since baby!The device was never able to maintain a connection without having to manually reconnect frequently. An older Wi-Fi B connected laptop couldn't hold a connection at all. The reset feature takes several minutes instead of the instantaneous reset of my previous. I really was left with a very poor taste in my mouth and I would be giving it a negative rating if it were possible. I won't be buying another Belkin any time soon. Wish me luck on my next purchase.
The SmartSt v2 that comes with the 4100 has good interface and design, but it LOCKS UP A LOT(the lockup frequency is worse than win3.1 10 years ago!) !!! and the routing is definitely horrible. I do'nt see how following its route would be the "quickest" way.. also, entering address is very bad.. it won't look up street name such as "s. el camino", or "n. chessnut street".also, i sent them email regarding bluetooth problem. Here's the question and "solution":***********question:I have:gps4410 bluetoothsmartst ver 2.00.0036 SP2 (latest)Dell Axim x30 624Mhz w/ bluetooththe following steps works the 1st time after installation, but lock up thesecond time starting SmartST. What will lock up the axim:1)on the axim, connect bluetooth device ''Navman gps one''. successful2)start SmartST v2, finished loading maps3)agreement page. click ''I agree''. AXIM LOCKS UP. Have to reset the ppc.the reason i mentioned ''2nd time will lock up'', it's because SmartSTspecify using GPS the first time. So the second time starting SmartST,bluetooth will lock up SmartST.I have to do the following to avoid this problem. Which is VERY VERcumblesome using Navman products1)Disable bluetooth2)load SmartST v2, maps3)got into the main screen(map) of smartst4)switch out of smarST, enable bluetooth, connect to ''navman gps'' device5)switch back into SmartST. Go to ''menu'' and enable GPS.6)THEN gps will work for smartST.this is too much steps. I installed the latest service pack, and it cannot fix the lockup problem. Tried menu time. Hard reset AXIM, resinstallthe SmartST software, still the same problem.I am returning Navman and going for TOMTOM soon, unless i find a way toavoid lock up.*****"solution":Sorry for the problems ... apparent issue with the bluetooth for the Axim. Product exchange may be the best course. Our regrets. Regards, NAVMAN
I have the PPC version of this(DELL AXIM30), nothing but disappointment. Not sure if the PalmOS's better.pros: 3d looks fantastic.cons:1)i was going down I-5 toward LA, and the software kept telling me to go back north because it chose to go another route. It didn't correct itself until half way between LA and SF.not to mention small streets.2)require frequent rebooting. it locks up a lot! if you turn off and on the Bluetooth, or turn off/on the PPC, everything need to be reset.Right now i just leave it in the car, not using it. My wife don't trust it at all. what a waste of money.Probably I will try the other brand (software) on this receiver and see if it's better.
For fifty bucks, you can't go wrong. Yes, the EP has been eliminated when it should have been the SLP. Still, SLP provides very good black and white recordings and good color recording --except for movies.Yes, the remote is too small, too much multi-tasking, which requires that I keep the instruction sheet handy.All in all, an excellent bargain.
don't let the product name fool you--even though everything (including the packaging) says it specifically fits 15" powerbooks, it DOESN'T. it's a fraction of an inch too small--it takes quite a bit of effort to zip the case with my laptop inside. once it's zipped, it's so stretched around the computer that it looks like it's gonna bust a seam, if not right away, it will eventually. if you have a slightly smaller laptop, this would be a nice sleeve for it--i like the neoprene and the pocket on the front. just frustrating that it doesn't fit the laptop that it's supposedly made to fit!
As a near-decade &amp; 1/2 long windows user, I was 'hesitant' to consider the purchase of an iPod. Luckily, I received one for father's day and didn't have to 'make' the decision.As it is, the product-- everything about it-- defines excellence: the box and initial packaging, the documentation, the accompanying (windows) software, the iPod w/ headphones &amp; docking station.My old compaq had a firewire port, so I connected in the docking port directly to it, plugged in the iPod and went to town recharging the batteries.With that in place, I plugged in the Apple supplied CD and found my *only* disappointment. Namely, while I have (already) purchased a MusicMatch license (with recurring updates), the iPod (currently) only auto-synchs with the supplied 7.5 release (a capable MusicMatch release, but not quite as refined as the 8.x release currently out there). Conundrum? No. I uninstalled the existing 8.x MusicMatch, installed the 7.5 release and found three things:(a) The existing Windows 'bug' with regards to uninstallation was still present (eg programs never 'really' remove themselves once installed)(b) The bug was *wonderful* in this case because all my playlists, recording settings, and directories were all present.(c) iPod's software (from the System Tray service/icon to the 7.5 software) worked *exactly* as advertised.Not bad. In fact, excellent.
i haven't had a chance to really use the gorillapod much, but i'm really looking forward to it. i've been playing with it, wrapping it around my lamp, balancing it on all sorts of surfaces. it works fabulously, and it's very portable. the button release makes it really convenient and easy to slip on your camera whenever you feel like using it. i think it'll be awesome to use on trips--no need to find and ask any random ppl to take your picture!
Once adjusted, you have enough time to return to your couch or chair.Then, the picture goes haywire. Constantly needed adjustment. The only good feature of this product is the long rabbit ears. One can fold and grasp them securely and smash it against the floor. Which I did.
These cables really work nicely. I've had them about 2 weeks now, and my Ipod has never sounded better through my home stereo. I think the cost was nominal for Monster cables (I was expecting to pay alot more) and the length of the cable stretches across my family room with ease. Nice purchase. Very satisfied with these cables.
Was 12 hours in the store, looking at various machines, before I got this one. I returned 6 machines. Two were HP 1410, real dogs, both broke down. No frills, but does what it does well and economically.The copier/printer electronics of this unit eventually tanked, but that was after lots and lots of use. I still use the scanner/sheetfeeder for storing/copying (by printing the scans on another dedicated printer, the 5550 that I've had for 9 years.)Was looking for a copier to make nice B&W; copies, especially of books, where I could leave the cover open in a dimly lit room and I would get a white border around the copied object, thereby saving lots of ink. The HP 5610 did this as well or better than any model/brand. Epson ink vapor gave me headaches and the brother ink cleaning-system seemed worrisome because I have gone weeks without copying.The 5610 may be the only new HP that still uses the legacy #56 and #58 cartridges for B&W; and photo color (although it does use the new 5 ml #22 for plain color) - I hope this printer is a big success, so HP will be compelled to continue using older economical cartridges for new machines. The 5610 seems to be a maverick from HP's new business model which is obviously "the cheaper the machine, the more expensive the ink $ per ml."No problems. The 5610 makes perfect copies, extremely fast in fast mode. The feeder is OK, even with cheap, newsprint-type paper. The setup defaults to "actual size," which cuts off 3/4 inch of what you copy at the bottom, but you can change the default to "fit to page" and that will shrink your copy a tiny bit, hardly noticeable, but will definitely capture the entire original, while giving you about a 1/2" white border all around. It did come out of the box with a strong plastic reek from within, which was remedied by swapping it for the store shelf demo, which had "gassed out" over time.At first the software would not install, but when I disabled the resident shield of my virus checker, it installed smoothly. HP seems ignorant of this solution, in literature and customer support. I had to figure it out myself.
I'm happy with these cables. They are of good quality and are priced at a bargin price--but the price is compromised by outrageous shipping.I'd grade it a B.
Been using for 8 weeks. Plays everything that i stick into it - even the discs that my old Sony would not play. Some of the other Amazon reviews are scary, but for the price i decided to take a chance. 5 stars FOR NOW....
I've been using the Sansa 1 GB for several months now and while I am happy to use the Sansa as an mp3 player, I am terribly disappointed in its subpar and unreliable recording capability.As an MP3 player, this device is as simple and easy that it can be. Copying files is as easy as plugging in the device and dragging and dropping audio files. The size is wonderful and light. Battery life is more than sufficient.My big complaint other than the device's poor recording capability is that the battery gauge is terribly unreliable. Particularly when the player is running low on battery, the battery display will jump between "full", "semi-full", "low", and "downright empty". This is frustrating when trying to figure out whether there is enough juice to get through the next hour of use.A big downside is the device's poor recording capability.- Recordings are very soft compared to other recording mp3 players. I've tested this side-by-side with other devices, including iRiver players and Sony Clie recordings.- The software to record is very buggy as recordings would frequently disappear. At first, I thought it was because of the way I was using the device but despite my best efforts to consistently use the device according to the manual, I would frequently find my recordings disappear. I would approximate that I'd lose about 1 recording every 30 recordings for no reason at all. While that may not seem very frequent, there should be no reason that a recording device will lose recordings without my explicit instructions. This is poor software design. I checked and double-checked everything about how I was using it to confirm whether or not it was user error but I've tried many things like making sure to lock the device whenever I'm not actively pressing a button and making sure to follow the instructions in the manual.Recommendation: Do not purchase, unless you get a really good deal and/or don't plan to use the recording feature at all. There are better models out there, especially nowadays (as of April 2006), at the same or better prices.
First off, this review is based on my experience and not scientific tests. I purchased 8 of these for use with my Nikon SB-900 and SB-600 flashes. When they are fresh out of the charger (La Crosse BC9009) they will recycle the flash extremely fast and last for about 150 shots. However, if I charge them and leave them in my camera bag for a 3 days I'll get about 50 shots. If I charge them and leave them in my bag for a week, they are stone dead. Overall, the batteries that were included with my La Crosse charger (Lacrosse 2600's) out perform the Sanyo 2700 by about 2 fold (again, not scientific). I've been testing a set of 4 Eneloops for about a month and I really like them. The Eneloops give me more overall shots and hold a charge for considerably longer - there is a small hit on the recycle time, but for me the upsides of the Eneloops outweigh this.
If you have a larger or heavier TV, of if you have a wide or oddly placed stud spacing in your walls, this high capacity bracket is for you. Unlike some cheaper brands or models, this is a well-built, solid product that you can tell by look and feel will support your TV. Plus, it is adjustable so that you can have the bracket be anchored into 3 (not just 2) studs for added support and security. Many brackets are only about 24 - 30 inches wide and will only span 2 studs if the studs are at 16" on center. In my wall, the studs where I wanted to mount my TV were located so that I could only have anchored into 2 studs if I used a 24" - 30" wide bracket. This bracket is extendable and adjustable, so I was able to anchor it into 3 studs, so I have no worries.Well-designed, study, and pretty easy to assemble. The hardest part was driving the big lag bolts into the wall, but I am confident that my TV is not going anywhere!Further, it comes with optional extension brackets for really big TVs - leave them off if you don't need them. Also, the kit comes with a variety of hardware (fasteners etc.) included so that you can be sure you have the bolts etc. you need to fit your TV. On top of this, you have the choice of mounting your TV either low-profile (close to the wall with no tilt) or with the included tilting brackets. With the tilting brackets, the back of the TV is about 2.5 inches off the wall - which actually helps a little with ventilation and wire access etc.One word of advice: shop around on line for the best price on this item - if you buy locally at your local big box retail store, you will definitely pay too much and some internet retailers will also gouge you. I saved about $ 100 of retail by shopping around online. Try bizrate and other similar online shopping comparison services to compare best prices.
First of all, the wrong picture is posted. The Q2443B is a small unit that fits on top of the 4200/4300 printer; it's not a full-size 'finisher' as shown.Now, while this is described as a "500 sheet stapler/stacker" please be aware that it is limited to just *15 page* staple jobs! So it's useless for large print jobs. And, as for 'stacking' it's no different than a regular output bin, i.e., don't expect it to do sorting or even off-setting (placing each print job shifted to the side so that you can easily find them separately).
I didn't actually measure it, but it certainly seems to be 100 feet of 18 gauge speaker wire, which is exactly what I wanted and ordered. What more do you want?
I have four of Cowon's products. A 60 gig 2 30 gig and this D2. I will make this very short! As for the sound (What else matters!); the best of all MP3 players. the ease of transferring misic, photos, etc; the best of all MP3 players.reception; As good as any. The durability;I have dropped the D2 a few times and there was no damage. Oh yes, the photos I have transferred to the D2; I can see the clearly even without my glasses. One last comment. If you want to go for drag and drop, go for it!
used on old AT with another plug adapter from AT to PS. Used with mini/compact keyboard. both worked fine so far. Got it with the USB "pigtail" extension from same vendor for under $11 with S/H.
The logitech s530 wireless keyboard for the Mac is very good. The keyboard's feel is much closer to a laptop (a plus for me), except with 'standard' size buttons.The mouse, of course, being based on the Logitech 600 series is excellent.An important caveat: the bundled software, as of this post (11 Mar 06) does *not* work with Intel-based Macs. However, all standard buttons (mouse and keyboard) work as intended.Because of the absence of Intel-based support, the product warrants 4-stars (otherwise it would easily yield a 5).
I did not expect much. I thoight to myself, what should I expect for less then $25 a pair. Oh my God, with the correct persoonal ajustments to your MP3 player, the sound is NO LESS THEN AWESOME. THE SOUND IS CLEAR AS A BEEL RIGHT ACCROSS THE SPECTRUM. If you are not careful, the bass wil completely blow you away. I have ear phones that cost upwards of $300 + and they do not come close. They are comfortable and stay on your head at the gym not matter what part of the circut you are on. Buy them and then buy some more!!! I am not kidding After I finish wring this review, I am going to order two more pair. Oh yes, buy the extra foam ear-pieces.
The bag is good but we had to wash it a half dozen times to get the shipping fumigant odor out of it. Otherwise, it is just what I wanted. It washed pretty easily alone, and I used a couple of bottles of hydrogent peroxide with baking soda, using scent-free detergent. Used a fan to dry it. The 10mm foam is thick enough. The 20mm would have been too thick to wash and dry.
I bought this based on positive reviews. It worked with none of the following: A Techniques CD player, a Sherwood receiver, and a Vizio LCD TV. When "codes" were lacking for my devices (the case for all three of my components), it did not "learn" the functions from my other remotes. A very short list of codes is provided by Sony for various products (TVs, DVD players, etc). Codes supposedly program this remote to control other devices. Even had it "learned" from my other remotes, the procedure is complicated and cumbersome. This is the second "lemon" Sony product I have had in 30 years (the last being a Sony Trinitron TV in the 70's that died in a few years), so generally I look to Sony for quality and value. This product was a complete dud and unless you are lucky enough to have products that are on their short list of "coded" products, you may end up with a dust collector, as I did. Caveat emptor.
I own this camera and while it was very good in 2002-2003 the years have passed it by. There are other cameras with more megapixels, faster response time, better battery life, lighter weight, better lens, etc. Plus they cost the same or less than this camera is advertised for here. I still use it because I bought the waterproof case (up to 100ft depth!) and I use that regularly. You can probably find used s230s for way less than the prices here if you really want it.
Great monopod for the money. Very sturdy. Extends to very tall height. Good for a tall guy like me. Good quality. One thing I would probably do next time is opt for the one with the tilt head on it. But this is a great little jewel of a monopod.
I purchased this system 1.5 years ago from Walmart. Not a bad price and the sound was ok (while it worked). Some set up issues and arrangement problems due to short cables but all in all OK for the price.However: little did I know that six months later, after not all that much use and sitting in one and only one location, it absolutely refused to put out sound! NO SOUND AT ALL except for the first few seconds playing a CD. That's it! After that, nothing.Six months of use is all I got for my money. Panasonic refused to answer my questions via their website. ARGHHHH!NEVER AGAIN WILL I PURCHASE PANASONIC!!
I got my 1st generation Kindle in July 2008. Now, almost 2 years later after daily use of my Kindle the battery is slowing down and not holding a charge as long as it should. So, I'm replacing it. But I wanted to be on record that some of the original batteries were very good.Pat
Do not buy these.The first set I bought broke after about 30 days. I gave Rivet the benefit of the doubt, and sent it to them for a replacement. I bought another pair to use in the meantime because the price is so low.I received a replacement, but it was the wrong model (they sent me one for a motorola).The new set I bought just broke, this time in under 30 days.Simply put, do not buy them.
The design of this hub feels solid--it is heavier than most USB hubs and stays put on my desk, even when cables from USB devices are dangling over the edge. I really like the fact that this unit has ports on both sides...for me, this allowed me to attach my fixed devices (like my printer and webcam) to the back ports--keeping them neatly out of sight--while still providing three front ports for more transient devices like my cell phone or digital camera.I've also noticed that this hub does not seem to slow down all devices when a single 1.0 or 1.1 device is attached. My printer is an old HP 930C and my IPod still connects under USB 2.0, even when both are attached.
I am currently in college when I heard that my family's Panasonic PV-D4762 DVD/VCR combo unit (built in April 2002, purchased with my help in early June 2002) had died after three years of use. My family bought this unit, and I heard about how good it is. I hope this machine will do excellent on the Blockbuster rentals played on the DVD side (and hope for just a small pause on layer changes ala the Sony player I just reviewed). Sure, the Panasonic did well on mint rental discs, but I hope this machine will perform better.P.S. This player is HDTV-ready! (no need to dish out on the current DVD format when HD-DVD or Bluray comes out)
I tried this antenna to see if it would improve my reception of a couple of HD channels which my Sharp Aquos would not tune. Unfortunately, it turned out that the reception was actually worse with this antenna than with the old-school UHF antenna which I inherited with me house.My impression of the Terk antenna is that it looks nice but feels a bit cheap. (It is extremely lightweight.) Installation was a breeze and there are tons of options to choose from in terms of mounting locations.The return process was easy--as always with Amazon. Someone said you can't close the sides of the antenna once you open them, but this is not true. If you look close to the hinge point you will see the word "PUSH". If you push there, it will release the arms and allow them to be closed.I ended up getting those missing channels by purchasing a Motorola signal amplifier. You can find that on Amazon too and it is amazing. I'm cancelling my cable at the end of the month!!!
My previous headphones were the SR60's. They took a while to break in comfort wise, lasted me a couple years, then I began to experience trouble with the headphone wire, one channel would always cut out unless I arranged the wire just so. Must have been a crimped section inside the wires. I contacted Grado and they would not sell me another wire, or fix the current one since it was out of warranty.So, instead of fixing the old headphones myself, I decided to try these.My review is based on a comparison between the SR60's and the HD-497.Design: The HD-497's are more comfortable than the grados, I like the way the phones cover my ears, they block more outside noise and also keep others near you from hearing your phones. The detachable headphone chord is great. Its a much cheaper thinner chord than the grado chord, but its longer, which is a huge plus. Grado charges a ridiculous amount of money for their extended chord. It also detaches so it will be easy to replace should it ever fail like the grado cable did. The phones are also easy to adjust and hold their adjustment well in use.Sound: The first thing I noticed was far better bass than the grados. Its deeper, more accurate bass. The highs started off a little tinny, but soon mellowed out after about 1 hour of listening. Second thing I noticed is far more accurate sound stage. Grados tended to blend together various instruments. All of the instruments tended to sound like they were played at the same volume. The HD-497's are far more dynamic, cymbals are soft, snare's snap, guitars roar, instruments have more air around them. The treble is also more accurate without being overly bright.These are a great buy and I highly recommend them over the SR60's, which USED to be the best bargain in headphones.
Don't listen to that guy who couldn't play DVD-R's; I successfully played one on this player (two of them, in fact) some people had in my dorm hall.It's neat that this player can be region-free...like that!This player can successfully play an extended "Lord of the Rings" DVD set.While there's no DTS output to be found, I can see some people getting this player!
This macro ring flash was a huge disappontment. I DIDN'T EVEN GET TO USE IT!!!I just received this garbage from UPS about an hour ago... I was so happy and excited. I've been wanting a ring flash for awhile to go with my sigma 50mm macro lens. So I open up the box, grab my batteries, go to load them up, and to my surprise- I can't get the battery compartment door to shut. The metal piece on the bottom [connector?] was all broken and falling apart. I tried to fix it and attempted to move it into place... but no luck.So here I am now... no ring flash. I guess that's what I get for trying to be cheap. I should have went for a more expensive flash... maybe a Canon.[...]Strengths:NONE... avoid this like the plague!Weaknesses:very cheap and plastic feel to it.battery compartment defective.didn't even get to use it because I had to send it back to B+H.Similar Products Used:none yet.
My player had to be returned within 48 hours. I read all the reviews, and didn't mind the size or the speed of the music transfers. BUT, s soon as I started using it, the player froze and gave me an inaccurate low battery message. I re-calibrated, updated the firmware and reset and reset and reset. To no avail. I had the same problem with shoddy workmanship with my Rio 800. I wish they would STOP sending products to market in some sort of Beta version. Way too much money, lousy execution of a great idea. Save yourself the trouble.
I have been waiting to buy an HDTV because frankly, they've never impressed me. I've been to countless friend's houses where they have one and have HD channels and I didn't see much of a difference. This TV, however, is a different story. When I saw it in a local store, playing HD content, all I could do was stand there with my jaw on the floor saying, Oh my god, over and over. The picture is incredible, I've never seen anything like it. It has a depth to it that's almost 3D, you have to see to believe. I've had the TV for two weeks now and am just as excited over it now as I was the day we picked it up. I have the DishHD service and find myself watching movies that I've seen a million times before over again just to see them in HD, and I notice so many details in these movies that I'd never noticed before in standard def. I couldn't be happier with this unit and highly recommend it.The only downside is that while watching many of my favorite TV shows and movies, I realize that the handsome hunks and hot chicks aren't nearly so good looking when seen in HD! Brad Pitt - ugh!
I've been shopping for a new lens for quite some time now. I got my 20D a few months ago and I finally settled on this lens. I did my research on this lens. I have heard nothing but good about it. I've only tested the lens for a couple of days now and I am totally amazed with the quality of this lens. And the price is right too. The lens is fast and sharp. The build of this lens is excellent... it fits well in my hand and the weight is not too light [junky] and it's not too heavy... it's perfect for keeping on the camera at all times. The images captured by this lens are just "wow". I don't think I could have found a better zoom lens for my 20D. This is the lens that I am going to always leave on my camera. I couldn't suggest a better one.
I just purchased this camera and lens (with another lens in a different set) and it has blown me away so far. The pictures have been just incredible. The focus, metering, exposure, flash, color balance... Everything is perfect so far.I have mainly used the camera in full automatic mode and it really shines. Its as simple as a point and shoot in this mode. I have used the camera in difficult lighting situations and the photos have been incredible. There is no noticeable shutter lag, which is very important to me. I have a 6 yo son who goes from smiling one moment to looking away the next. I have missed so many photos in the past due to shutter lag, but that is not a problem with this camera. Another feature that helps is the continuous mode. I can take 3 pics a second for up to 100 pics and then select the best. Generally I find I can get a good pic in like 10-15 photos.I used to be a serious photo hobbist during the days of film, but always had problems finding a darkroom to develop my film. The darkroom issue and the shear cost of film and paying for processing made me abandon the hobby. But this camera is really bringing back the excitement of this hobby again without the trials and expense of the darkroom.The only downside in this camera is the price, but in this instance, you get what you pay for. You might be able to save a buck or two with another camera, but I wouldn't even try. I can't imagine a camera taking a better picture.By the way, I love this lens. The 18 to 55 mm focal length is a nice every day lens. Its much wider angle then you find on the point and shoot cameras, yet you can still get close. I have a 55-200 mm lens as well, but I find I use the 18-55 lens more. The shorter lens is great in confined spaces, where you can't easily back away from the subject, and its always better to move closer to your subject than use a long lens (unless you can't for safety reasons).My only regret is waiting so long to get a DSLR camera of this quality. It has really opened up a old hobby for me.
I had previous experience with subwoofers in a professional setting, but didn't know what to expect from these little satellite speakers. They're nicely designed and small enough to be unobtrusive, but how do they sound? To me, they sound GREAT! You can adjust the bass level through the subwoofer so that it's neither weak nor boomy, and the sub can be placed out of sight (mine is under a desk). I admittedly don't own a top-of-the-line stereo system, but my little computer speakers blow it away! My job calls for me to check such systems on behalf of our school staff. I have recommended this speaker system to co-workers, without reservation.
I got this lens in a kit with a Nikon D80 camera. This lens failed to deliver the goods 99% of the time. Why buy an expensive camera and then use a cheap lens like this? Its silly to spend big money on the camera and have only blurry pictures to show from it. It was only tolerable in very bright situations and using less than 100mm focal length. A cloudly day or all of the 200 mm zoom would result in a picture that had significant distortion noticeable even on little 4x6 prints. Very few pictures came out when it was used in the fullest zoom (200mm). I disliked this lens enough to return the entire camera kit and purchase a different camera (D200) that came with the highly ranked 18-200 VR lens from Nikon.If your interested in nice sharp pics, then pass on this lens. If you want to save a few bucks and like blurry photos, this lens is for you...
I tell you, never in my life have i seen such good quality headphones for under twenty dollars. This headphones have such quality that is beyond great! Koss has nailed it! It can fit into any mp3/cd walkman device and whats best is that it comes with a volume control tab, so if you feel like blasting your music at a super high volume, you can! Although they can look a little bit dorky, they feel extremely comfortable when you put them on around your ears. You can of course adjust the fit of these wonderful headphones which also makes this product a better buy.If you want great quality headphones that feel comfortable, buy these ones made buy Koss!
No doubt that these speakers are amazing, and have great quality considering that they are pretty cheap in terms of price. They are very easy to set up, they look really cool, and the volume can go up extremely high, until you think you are going to deaf.However, the only problem with these speakers are that every once in a while you will hear interference, which can include singing that isn't even going on in your computer, or crackling noises. But that shouldn't stop you from buying these speakers, once again because of their great quality, sound, and they are very cheap.
For serious riders who have more than one bike this is perfect. My touring bike has the smaller diameter handlebar while my road bike has the larger diameter handlebar. I needed two adapters but only one mount. Great price too!
The manufacture web site not only has instructions but an instructional video as well. Although it is easy to do, it took me three times to get it completely clean. But it worked!
It's a perfect fit with the D40 and the 18-200mm lens. padded enough to provide protection in my sling bag. exactly what I was looking for.
I've had these JBuds for about 2 and a half years and they have always been my favorites. One day, however, I couldn't find them until they unfortunately turned up in a pair of pants that went through the washer and dryer! I was about to throw them out but I thought I would give them a quick try and to my surprise they worked great! Talk about durable! I have been using them for several months since and they still have a great balanced sound with good bass, mids and treble. I haven't found anything that can beat their sound even at a higher price!
Bought this item because of three things.1. Price2. Keychain3. SwivelWhat I do not like about it:1. Cheap cheap cheap plasticThis product now falls into two pieces regularly (the circuit board and the plastic in two pieces...still functional but... not really.
I don't know what you could get for less except maybe a stick. For the money this monopod is remarkable!Thing is less than $20!Retractable to a size that can be attached to a backback or slung over the shoulder.So lightweight you hardly notice it.Retractable spike in the foot.Camera mounting screw with wide grip to easily attach to your camera.Soft foam handle with wrist strap.A comes with a bag!All for less then $20!This thing is sturdy. The only thing wobbly about it would be the user - it is a monopod.I can not believe the quality of this thing for under $20.
How can you go wrong? It's always with my camera, I don't have to hunt for it in the bag nor forget to bring it. It's easy to whip out and use and rollup to put it back. Simple but effective.
I have a Nikon SB 600 flash unit. This fits perfectly, never falls off, diffuses evenly.I leave it on the flash when storing the unit in the flash bag. Perfect!
I bought the DLO Transpod at the same time I bought my 160 GB iPod Classic roughly about three years ago. I have had absolutely no problems with either. I have used it in numerous vehicles from clunkers to rental cars to being on the road with friends and the DLO Transpod All-in=one Car Solution has worked well every time. Yes, when you are on the road and between metro listening areas, you are going to have to reset the station frequency so you get a clean transmision. These days that can be increasingly difficult, even in rural Iowa where I live. The nice thing about this unit is that if there is a little bit of "station bleed", your DLO signal will take precedence over it as soon as you load your iPod in the cradle. The sound quality is wonderful, the mounting arm to plug into the cigarette lighter makes it easy to adapt for your own car model and driving comfort whether you drive an automatic or a 5 speed like I do. The DLO TransPod is a choice I have absolutely no regret making even though it is more expensive than many similar models available, the difference is definitely worth it. You don't have to worry about the cumbersome and potentially dangerous option of connector cables. Your iPod securely in the cradle of the DLO Transpod and it can easily fit the smallest iPod Nanos up to the largest iPod Classics. A very nice feature is that if you have a regular commute and are a moderate user of your iPod is that while playing your music, it also charges your iPod unit. I have never, in the three years I have owned my iPod Classic, ever had to charge it anywhere but on my daily commute. Whether or not that is "good for the unit" to never let the charge go so low is debatable.The only complaint that I have about this unit is its popularity. Many people out there seem to have them now, so you may very be listening to your favourite music coming from your iPod through your Transpod and as you are passiing someone on the freeway and they just happen to have their Transpod set on the same frequency as you do, you will at times end up hearing each other's listening choices! Usually this is a very temporary thing and goes away after your car and theirs are not in such close proximity.With the success I have had with this unit, should I ever need to get another, this is the first and probably only brand I will look at. I am very pleased with the results and would not hesitate to buy it again in a heartbeat.
For the price and the features this is a fantastic little travel tripod! A lot of thought went into the design of this tripod. I wouldn't leave $3 - $4,000 worth of camera equipment alone on any tripod. Tripods are not permanent stands but assist you in keeping the camera steady with long shutter speeds. This works well for that purpose.It comes with a mini tripod in the handle which can also be used to extend the tripod up or out.It folds down to 16 inches total length and is the lightest tripod I have ever used. You could carry this easily in a backpack, bag or even a briefcase.It has four segments which gives it a wide range of heights.It comes with a quick release to easily attach your camera.The head adjusts vertically and horizontally.It comes with a level. A lot of expensive tripods don't even come with one.The hinges and clasps work very well and should last a while if you care for it like you would the rest of your equipment.It is very light so extended it may not stand by itself with a DSLR and lens but as I mentioned I don't feel any tripod is safe so I always hang on to it.Overall this is a fantastic little tripod, loaded with features at a remarkable price. Handle your equipment with care and this should work well for you.
High quality voice recorder. Lectures recorded on it are clearly audible (in HQ setting, which records much less hours than the advertised capacity by the way).
Relativlely quiet power supply with heavy duty wiring and connections. This was a replacment for my original power supply. I have several desktops and servers so I keep one of these on hand just in case.
I ordered on 12/2 from Amazon; received 12/9 in New Orleans. Packaging was well protecting the items. Thanks!
I own both Mac as well as PC. The vast majority of hardware which is built for Mac is compatible with PC because, like it or not PC still owns the majority of the market share. One thing odd about this manufacturer is they simply do not support PC - not in their software nor in their technical support. While I applaud their dedication to Apple, it seems like they are purposely aliening customers.With that said, this is the absolute best keyboard I've ever typed on. Responsive soft-touch keys, no clicky-clacky noises, full-size layout, slick-looking low profile. I can touch type easily. If you're the hunt-n-pound typist, this may not be for you. The keys respond to a soft touch type. I find the key travel better than a typical laptop. It really is well-designed.Yet, a USB keyboard device is a USB keyboard device, on Mac or PC - just a few keys are different. I bought this for my PC laptop, figuring that I could swap it over to the Mac if need be. It works fine under WinXP.But, there is some bad news. The keyboard does not like to share a hub with other devices. I had my mouse and keyboard sharing a USB hub. Using the mouse would knock the keyboard off-line until it was unplugged and re-plugged. Others have reported this problem as well. I expect the typical response from the manufacturer would be, "Don't use a hub" but it would be nice if they'd follow the USB specifications. On a Windows computer, unplugging the keyboard "freaks out" the operating system.The solution is simple - this keyboard needs a dedicated USB port. If you don't have a spare port, skip this keyboard else you'll be pulling your hair out every time the keyboard becomes unresponsive. My alternate suggestion is Deck Keyboards, but you will not find one in this price range. Deck offers a Mac key layout, but no Mac support (a keyboard is a keyboard). Deck keyboards work fine on a hub where this keyboard does not.
It does swivel and connect to the phone, the problem is when you're on the line speaking. The person on the other end hears a lot of static and the conversation keeps cutting in and out with this device.Not recommended.
The only problem I had with this is the screws that came with it were a bit weak. Phillips groves don't hold well especially when drilling into a stud.But this is a fantastic mount: folds up to the wall, tilts and swivels. And you can easily remove the screen with the included allen wrench. If it fits your situation definitely a great buy!
My wife makes glass beads. Over the years we've tried a variety of homemade setups but she always ended up spending a lot of time post editing. I thought about buying the material to make one of these but for under 50 bucks it would be hard to do (150 retail is ridiculous). So we thought we'd try this and it works, except for the white background.It's a great kit. The lights are just fine if you know how to angle them and adjust the settings in your camera (I always shoot in manual mode). The point is to light the inside not get direct light on the object, especially glass or you get harsh light and reflection. The lights shine through the side diffusers but the light is spread out by the diffuser and the white top and sides.The camera stand is strictly for little point and shoots. I have a Nikon D300s so it's too heavy but I have a tripod anyway. I use the included stand to string the beads off so they hang in the air.The case folds out into the box and also includes 3 pockets: 1 for each light and one for the stand. The pocket side can also double as added reflection on the top but you may want to not use it as that. When you open up the case into the box you end up with two white sides and a white top all translucent which is a good thing: 3 sides for light to enter. The back however is black which can be a problem.Included are four different colored backgrounds which Velcro at the top of the back then flow down to the bottom and out to the front. But actually there are only three colors that work. While the black, blue and red work great, white is translucent and will not come out white. First, the black back darkens the white at the back. But whatever the color of your table top is will change the color for the bottom. For instance, if you have a wood table the grain will show through. If your table top is white it will be a different white than the back. I tried for hours changing everything from lighting and camera settings like white balance but it's just too much effort to make it work and I either had a tan or gray/blue background, never white. I will have to buy new material and make a better white background. The backgrounds come folded; you will have to iron them (on low setting! - they have a plastic backing).I said the black, blue, and red work great but only if you have some distance between the object and the background or you will get little white spots of lint in your photo. Which is why I had to hang the beads; they are too small and close to just lay on the fabric. For larger objects it should work okay.The way I use the box is I place each of the two lights on the sides and adjust so that they don't point directly at the bead. My wife does fancy things with her beads and they aren't always smooth. So occasionally I will point a diffused flash through the top.Like all photography, you have to do a lot of different settings and setup for the perfect shot. Manual mode works best (also described in the instructions but their suggestions may not work for you as all objects reflect differently). The lights do get hot so BE CAREFUL you can burn yourself! I like how it all folds into a neat carrying case with pockets for the lights and stand. I fold the backgrounds just in half and put them between the sides for storing so I only have one crease which ends up at the bend anyway.Overall I think it's a pretty good deal, a lot less then I could buy the material and make one. Like me you will probably need to make your own adjustments and additions. But it does help and my wife has to do very little post editing!
This system looks and sounds good... For about one year. Just like the Philips HTIB wehad before this one,it works good for a year (or less) then it says, "no disc". This is the last Philips we will ever buy.Save your money. Get a Panasonic or Sony. This one is in the shop.When we get it back, I'm sure it will not last more than a year.Philips makes JUNK.
The rodent died rather quickly. Too bad, it was the better part of the set. The keyboard is only ok, and the USB antenna does not fit the USB ports in my new computer.Oh, yes, you need to like typing with the top of the keyboard much lower than the edge nearest you... not to my liking. Oh, well, now I'm off in search of another.
For this spacemaker you will want to lower your expectations. Installation was not bad however we did not get a template in the box. Sound quality is like a little protable radio so don't expect it to be the quality of, say a boom box...it's not there. The Bass Boost is worthless, I notice no difference when it's on. You should also be aware that the reception is very poor. I was not able to get stations I can get on all other radios. The attenna is in the power cord which must be stretched all the way out for mediocre reception so plan on having run room for the cord. I was very dissapointed with this product and would not recommend it. For half the price you can get a small boom box or radio that will sound much better. The stations are not easily set. You have to scroll through the stations so plan on having presets or spending plenty of time holding down the tuning button. Based on functionality and materials quality this product shouldn't cost any more than $50 tops.
The main reason why I got this thing was because it had one advantage, u could switch out the drives and make a drive for each genre. As for the other MP3 Players you would spend $100 for a 512mb MP3 player and u are stuck with the songs u put on and if you wanted something different you had to delete songs or go without. I like variety. I had this thing for a month... ONE month!!! I was working out with it and the cord from the headphone got caught, player came off of my waistband. I am not a tall dude, my legs are about 3 feet in length... it falls 3 feet and would not come back on. I called Sandisk and asked what I could do and they asked what store I got it from. I say "My store, I am a manager at Staples!" He said "if you are a manager you would know that you can take it back...." I interrupted him and followed with "Umm and undermine my sales and returns? I am a manager and I am not going to go against the Staples 14 day return policy on electronics on an item that is $69 (it was at the time I purchased it) and has a limited one year warranty through the manufacturer INCLUDING 30 days parts and labor!" He follows in a joking manner "Did you get the extended warranty??" I say "We both know that the extended warranties on things like this is a load of Bull!!! What are you gonna do? I can not sell this to my many customers that ask about it if the company will not back it!" So he claimed he was kidding and actually the return was INCREDIBLE!! They provided the fed Ex Shipping label (free of charge) and I just provided the box. I got the return player in about a week and a half. I made sure I did not drop it but this thing is so small it falls ALL THE TIME!!! Well first thing, the little flimsy battery door did not hold the battery in. The ONLY way I can keep the battery in is by using the belt clip that luckily locks in at 3 different spots but if this breaks the unit is WORTHLESS! So I was bringing the unit out to my car and the thing nudges the doorknob as I close the door the little plastic notch that aides in supposedly holding the battery in takes off a lil notch in the actual body of the player. It still works but this thing has had it's life. 2 players in the matter of 3.5 months! Not a good track record if you ask me. One last notation! The batteries DO NOT last 8-12 hours like portrayed. The louder you turn the volume up (as with most music listening devices) the less life in the power supply. The batts usually last about 4 hours at full volume which is decent for the headphones and the car. At least the is one good thing out of this. With all of the drives I purchased for the different genres of music, I will still have some nice Flash Drives. But I spent about $300 in all on this (player and 512mb flash drives) Maybe I should have purchased an Ipod? The cruzer MP3 Companion is a GREAt idea... a GREAT idea but the construction is very shoddy. I would have paid twice the money for the player (It would have been $120 at my time of purchase) if it were made a lot more sturdy. This thing is just BADLY constructed!!!!
This is a very good camera, and the price is just right. The one flaw I see in it is its base for the laptop... I felt it could have been better designed. The camera turns ok but again, could have more freedom in its movement. And the cam itself could be less bulky.------------------EDIT: Had this camera for a year and even bought one for my mother. Both of these broke after a year! -- A rip-off.
This is the right product for converting the standard antenna jack on an aftermarket radio to the GM antenna wire on a 99-06 GMC Sierra.
This product is small and easy to install. It took only 15 minutes to install and connect to my head unit.
Printfile is one of the best names in print storage, and these don't disappoint.I admit that I'm a cheap guy, so I like these because I can store 10 photos per page in a regular 3-ring binder, and you can easily fit 50 sheets in a 2" binder and store 500 prints. The plastic is better, heavier quality than used in the economy brands, and of archival quality, so it does not degrade or discolor your photos in long term storage.I've been using Printfile pages for 22 years and won't buy any other brand.
This is just a USB to Mini-USB cable and is not specific to the Garmin. You can find cheaper Mini-USB cables (aka Mini-B cables) right here on Amazon.com. Save some cash!
I have had this product for over a year and this was my first accessory purchase for the ipod Nano... it is great. I have had no complaints. It is average priced. I recommend this to anyone and everyone.
Having usually purchased our PC's thru Dell, this time their exorbitant cost drove us to look at others. As we buy most everything else thru Amazon, I checked out the HP's and found everything we were looking for, checked the reviews and gambled we'd get one of the "quieter" ones, which we did (noise seemed to be the chief complaint). Easy to set up, the only things we do not like or are frustrated by, is the lack of any USB ports on the front of the case..or outlet for a headset. But, after adding a hub, the USB port problem is dealt with and so far so good...
We've had this for about 9 months now and it works great, hasn't broken, hasn't hurt the ipod, and cost almost nothing including shipping. I'd buy it again, but I don't need to as this one is fine.
First of all, the name "Hard Case" is a little misleading -- this case is rubbery. This is not necessarily a bad thing, but something the consumer should know. The cases are very pretty and snuggly fit the ipod providing good protection.The screen cover is hard to get on the screen without causing bubbles, and it doesn't seem it would provide much protection so I eventually just took it off. I wish the ijacket had a screen cover built onto the case itself.
My old cassette recorder went out and I replaced it with this one. Great for the price and does everything I need it to do.
I purchased a Blu Ray for my husband, for Christmas, and needed an HDMI cable to go with it. After looking locally for one, and finding the cheapest one to be at Target, for over $40, I decided to buy this one. Well, it works great and with shipping only cost about $5. I admit I was a little scared/anxious about purchasing something so cheap (like the too-good-to-be-true story), fearful that it wouldn't work well, and my son actually had purchased the $40 at Target for a surprise gift, but we hooked it up and had an amazing Blu Ray experience waiting. My son took the Target cable back and this one is perfect! No negatives, at all.
Intel proves that it can manufacture quality audio players in addition to microprocessors. Intel's Pocket Concert 128MB Digital Audio Player came well packaged, yet easy to open and access. While there was a &quot;Quick Start Guide&quot; included, you really had to load the CD software to begin to figure out how everything worked. This is one area that Intel needs some improvement. But once loaded, the transfer of songs from computer to player was straightforward. The 128MB let me load about 28 songs to the player, plenty of tunes for my 3 - 4 hour plane rides. The audio is outstanding. The headphones were superb, tho I will use a Bose noise-cancelling headset on airplanes. The display was clear and the controls were straightforward and easy to use. As a plus, the unit also includes an FM radio. Reception is OK, since the player uses the headset as an antenna. But I was able to get reasonable reception using my Bose headset. All in all, Intel got it right. From microprocessors to music....Intel's inside.
I haven't been able to find Maxell DVD-R's anywhere anymore, so had to purchase them here. I have to say, I'm really disappointed in how Amazon packed them. They were rolling around inside the box with almost no padding whatsoever. I was very surprised they did that. Fortunately, they arrived unbroken, even with the rolling and banging around. These tapes are great. They have played in every DVD recorder and player we have, unlike Panasonic tapes and other brands. They play in our Sony and our Panasonic, in our computers, etc. No other DVDs we've purchased have done that. The quality of the pictures I've been getting on them is also great, BTW. I've been digitizing family movies, etc., and they are great.
I bought a Linksys WAP Router for my home network. I had a problem and called their technical support and bingo, it was fixed.However, I REALLY was impressed with their technical support during this recent ATT @ HOME fiasco when I couldn't get connected. AT&amp;T said, &quot;not my problem!&quot; I called Linksys, and at no charge, (true, after a 30 minute wait, but everyone was calling them it seems!) fixed my problem and I was up and running.I would buy Linksys for their excellent tech support alone, to say nothing about their products that work!
My husband purchased this in early 2000 for a trip to Africa. It worked well back then, and it worked very well for our wedding in '04. He hadn't really used it since Africa, though. Since then we have used it very little, maybe 6 hours worth of total video taping before we put it away for about 3 years, until yesterday. I've been digitizing all our old home movies from VHS to DVD on a GREAT little Sony DVDirect(purchased through Amazon). Seeing that the camcorder will also work very nicely with the DVDirect (Mike's Camera charges $35 for 1st hr and $12.50 per hour after to transfer tapes to DVD so the Sony has saved us over $1000 including the cost of the unit), I was ready to see what was on the tapes and get them transferred (our honeymoon is one we didn't transfer from the mini DVM's yet). Well, it's doing nothing but eating tapes. For $70 we can maybe get the "capston" cleaned, but it will be another $35 to see if that's even the problem. From what I'm reading here, it probably isn't the problem. I wouldn't recommend purchasing this, for anyone. It ate 2 tapes that my husband was able to rewind (ate about 5" of tape before he got it out, on both tapes) so we're going to attempt to view them through another camcorder and see what we can do. I'm not going to attempt to clean this product or use it again. I'm just hoping that the 2 eaten tapes had videos we had already transferred.
I have a Radio Shack branded version of this unit... same design... works fine... good sound, memory works as supposed to... reception seems solid... recommend
I bought a Maxtor One Touch I 200-GB drive 6 months ago. It failed completely after 4 months and I lost all my backup data, including original data not stored on my computer.The error message read that the drive was "...not accessible. The request could not be performed because of an I/O device error."OK, nobody's perfect. So I bought another one, this time a 250GB Model II. After 3 months, same error message, this time for one of my major folders on the drive. Data not recoverable.Unbelievable. And I now something about hard disk drives since I work for a major storage vendor.The Dantz backup software is very good. It means nothing, tho, if the hardware fails.
I read some of the other reviews and wonder if we are talking about the same printer. My company competes with HP, so I have not been a big fan of HP printers, but I was not happy with my Dell printers in the past, so I broke rank and bought an HP.The C6180 works flawlessly with my Vista home (networked) and my XP (business, direct attached) computers. I use it weekly for printing, scanning and faxing. And occasional photo printing.I have a KonicaMinolta color laser that used to be my workhorse printer, but the speed and flexibility of the HP won me over. I only use the KM for large (>25 pages) print jobs.Can't wait for my Dell 962 which my wife uses to bite the dust....I would replace it with this printer in a heartbeat.
This device (Samsung Helix) is a great way to get Xm radio anywhere. I have been traveling for work throughout the summer, and have been in roughly 10 different states, from the East Coast to the Midwest, all from my home base in California. I have found only a few very rare places where I could not get a usable signal from the unit itself; when you plug in the extended antenna (included), you can get signal anywhere. I drove trucks in various states and just slapped the antenna to the roof and I was good to go. I loved being able to listen to virtually any style of music (my tastes run from rock to classical), with the addition of a number of comedy channels (best when you have a hard day and need something to cheer you up). In the Los Angeles area and virtually any other large city, you can walk around with this unit and get clear signals virtually anywhere. The ability to instantly record something you like or have it tell you when something you like is playing on another channel is very cool. The battery life is good for about five hours, which is not the best, but when you use a car charger it all works out.Do not buy the Samsung car charger, though. It costs about $75. You can get a small inverter for your car power port that will cost you about $25 and do the same thing!Also, this Samsung unit is the exact twin of the Pioneer Inno, but costs tons less, for some reason.
This product works with the Nikon D80.In order to make the remote work, you will need to activate the IR receiver on the camera. You can do this by pressing the "shooting mode" button on the right side of the camera. This is the button in front of the button marked "AF", and has an icon that looks like a few frames on top of each other.Press the shooting mode button until you see what appears to be a remote control (for immediate shutter release) or a remote control with a timer in front of it (for a 2 second delay).Point the front of the remote anywhere towards the front of the camera and press the button. You will see a white light glow on the front of the camera, but you will not see any light being emitted from the remote control.I use both the cable shutter release (MC-DC1 - Remote Cord) and the remote control (ML-L3), and I am very pleased with both. However, the cable shutter release will activate the auto-focus; whereas, the remote only will trigger the shutter (you'll need to focus first).Nikon MC-DC1 Remote Cord for Nikon D70S Digital Cameras
If you're a professional in the lighting industry this board may be easier to understand. If you're thinking that out of the box you can plug this unit in and read through the manual and quickly get up to speed, you have another thing coming. The manual for this product is one of the worst I have ever come across in any industry. It dedicates 1-2 pages for each major function of the board. There are no useful examples of anything; it assumes you are intimately familiar with all sorts of stage lighting terminology. The end result is confusing and chaotic. Using the board as a real time manual control is easy enough. But programming scenes and other functions is extremely confusing. I cannot recommend this unit and if I could take mine back, I would.
I brought mine for $68.63.The sound quality it amazing. it does 5-30,000 Hz (thats more than the human ear can even pick up)Unlike many other headphones, these do not exaggerate certain frequencies so everything sounds completely natural. even with this, it is still able to make you feel the bass throughout the entire upper area of your body at almost any volume level (these headphones are made to accurately play the frequencies of the music. this makes them great for people who mix their own music and do podcasts)I use these headphones for Gaming, sound editing/mixing, listening to rap rock jazz world and just about every other kind of music (if the song sounds good i will listen to it) these headphones have no problem playing any of these kinds of music.pared with a good sound card, and music in FLAC or raw format, you will get more detail than your used to hearing in music. (if you listen close enough you can hear tiny changes in a singers voice that you would almost never hear using mp3 and cheap headphones.These headphones can also get extremely loud with out distorting.there also very large but there really light and built quality.(the large size gives you a better feel for the music, many songs are almost completely surround sound)Pros:extremely good sound qualityyou can feel the bass through your body at any volume level5-30,000 Hz response rangevery large size for better sound (you will forget you have them on)sounds much better than the bose headphones that i tested out at bestbuy (not sure if it was the song or the player but the bose at bestbuy sounded hollow and flat)Has really quality wires (they will last a very long time)Cons:due to the quality speakers, there louder than cheaper headphonesso if you added volume presets for different songs on your pocket pc, you will need to adjust them
This was my first Epson printer and it will be my last. While it has occasionally printed a decent picture, the trouble it takes to get it to print correctly doesn't make the printer worth the effort or money spent. The paper jams constantly. The printer cartridge printheads are often defective (in fact EVERY cartridge I've bought for this printer has been defective and needed to be immediately replaced... by another defective cartridge). The cartridges are not so cheap that I can afford to replace them constantly -- which I would have to do to get anything printed. Even plain black text looks terrible as the printer leaves gaps, streaks and blobs of ink all over the page.For the money spent, this thing is NOT worth it. At all. It is infuriating to use and for all the energy expended, you get terrible, blotchy prints and end up pouring money into the ink cartridges.
I've had this radio now for several weeks, and about all I can say is it can be annoying to be woken up in the middle of the night by its alarm, but that is also obviously a good thing. I read the reviews about people saying the alarm doesn't go off. Well, it certainly works where I am and extremely well. It's programmable so you can set the areas for which it is triggered. The user interface could be a little more intuitive but generally speaking I can't complain about this solid and reliable radio.
I purchased this subwoofer to match a Yamaha receiver I also purchased. This isn't my first subwoofer off Amazon. I previously ordered a KLH ASW10-120B that I'm very pleased with. I cannot say the same thing for this sub. There is virtually no punch or annunciation. It's just muddled and boomy. The layout for the connectors and buttons on the back is clumsy and ill-conceived. Normally you'd think, "Why does that matter? Just hook it up and leave it." Well, no because this sub isn't smart enough to turn its power amp off when it doesn't detect an audio signal, so it stays on forever unless you hit the power switch - a huge waste of energy. You're better off getting a subwoofer that will shut its main power amp off when the receiver shuts down. On the flip side, having your subwoofer make strange noises at all hours of the day due to stray RF being picked up, can be amusing to children and small pets. But still, the sound is bad and there are better choices. Yamaha failed on this one.
This is the simplest router to upgrade to dd-wrt, which adds many high-end features to this cheap router. I find that it is often necessary to hit the reset button at the end of the install, and that all is fine thereafter.
For People complaining about the sound quality of these things, I say.... REALLY?!Come one, they are about 45 dollars and last I checked people are still having problems with other headphones like bose that cost over 150 easily. Look, nothing in life is perfect... you find something that sounds good for the price and you take it. These skull crushers are ok.. I would pay as much as $50 dollars for them. The sound is decent and you just have to take care of them.Honestly, the people that leave bad reviews behind must be the people that treat their stuff like crap and expect it to work perfectly for the rest of their lives. Things don't work like that, they just don't.Trust me, for the price these things are pretty good.Truth be told I am looking at getting a new pair of headphones because I want better music quality, but I will have to pay over $130 dollars for them. For the price, these Candys rock!!I have had these for about 4 months and I love them. I will admit that it is a little annoying if you forget to turn off the base that comes with the headphones, but hey..... it's not the end of the world. On another note, my friend has some Dre's Beats he got as a gift and he says he would never pay the price for them, but he would pay 45 dollars for the these skullcandy I let him use. He says that the sound quality of the Dre's don't justify their price. You just pay for the brand.UPDATE: EIGHT MONTHS AFTER INITIAL UPDATE: This skull candys are still working for me and I have noticed that they have not made the ringing in my ear any worse. I still hate sony for giving me ringing ears. I can't believe these guys are worth 35 bucks now, I easily recommend getting them.BEWARE: THESE ARE USED FOR DOING THINGS LIKE STUDYING AND NOT FOR LISTENING TO VERY LOUD MUSIC, THE HIGHER THE VOLUME, THE LESS THE QUALITY. STILL FIVE STAR HEADPHONES FOR THE PRICE, WOULDN'T PAY 60 FOR THEM.
This battery works well and lasts long. Whatever you do, don't waste your money on "Lenmar" or other comparable-brand batteries. In fact I have begun to suspect that copy-cat Lithium Ion batteries are actually NiCad in disguise - they appear to die in a short period of time and will not hold a charge. Contrast this with the Nikon brand that last for years and years.
I bought an alternative Chinese-made brand on a popular auction site for $9. It does the same thing and is flawless on my D300. I do not see the purpose of paying $50 more for a piece of plastic that triggers a shutter. While I am willing to pay for quality products when necessary (hence, the D300), I don't see the need for a Nikon branded product in this case.
I bought this printer used for $90. Set up via Ethernet was relatively easy, although I haven't been able to get USB to work. I've printed on HP Premium Plus Soft Gloss, and the quality is very very good. Color rendition could be better, but allowing CS3 to control color helps.I've also printed on an Epson 3800 and 7800, and this printer is not far off in terms of quality prints - with the exception of deep blue skies. The HP 8750 does not handle extensive areas of deep blue sky well (golden hour at Sunrise/Sunset). The subtle tonal variations tend to get lost.Supplies (consumables such as 3 ink catridges and 25 sheets of premium paper) run about $140 for 30 8x10 prints. That averages to $4.50 per 8x10 print . . . ouch, but not much worse than other photo prints. The standard cartridges for photos are HP Photo Blue (101), HP Tri-color (97), and HP Photo Grey (102). There are different cartridges available for special printing, such as sepia or colored line drawings.I've called HP for customer support. The first person hung up on me after realizing they could not fix the problem. The second person was much more helpful. I've heard some people describe HP support as a "mine field", but you can get quality technical support if you are dilligent.I like this printer alot. I will use it for art school homework, but probably not for my fine art prints that I intend to hang - like I said, color rendition can be very very good, but for certain colors is not consistent.
The service itself works well. However, in order to get you to sign up, they will tell you anything and make any promise it takes. When it comes time to deliver, they deny ever claiming the service has that particular feature or they inform you that the feature is extra. Their terrible customer service destroys any value their product has.
I love getting points from Amazon. I make myself do it this way so that I remember the points do cost money. Before I'd get them on the system but sometimes it is hard to remember you are spending so much.
This will make any lens you have a super macro. But be aware that it is extremely hard to keep focus and will take time to learn to get good pictures on a regular basis. You need a lot of light, patience, and steady hands and you can get great pictures from this. Quality is good and it has held up without issue for over a year.Overall a great deal and worth the effort if you are into macro pictures.
This FM transmitter works well with both my 3G ipod nano and my 5G ipod classic. It comes with different attachments and they both fit very snuggly. I like this device over any other I have used because not only does it charge the ipod but it sits comfortably from the dock so that you dont have to manipulate it much to scan through mp3s.
I returned this item, all I got was static. I thought with the "Monster" name it would be a good product, this is not the case. Amazon does a great job with returns though, credit card was refunded promptly with no questions asked.
As someone with a lot of experience with in-ear headphones hopefully I can shed some light for those looking for the "perfect pair." When I first started looking for in-ears, there were a lot of reviews, but very few who cross referenced the various products available. Hopefully this review will help to address that issue. I work as an audio professional. Unlike some of my colleagues, I recognize that this does not make my opinion any more important than anyone else's. I have found through working in studios that there is a huge variety in what people find to be "great sound." What I personally favor is neutrality. This will bias my review. Some people prefer some coloration to their sound (like grados), and that works for them.For those of you who have never worn in ear headphones, it could be a new and unpleasant experience. If you are like me, however, it will be one of the greatest discoveries of your life. Through experiments with my friends and family, I have found that no one model of in-ears fits everyone the same, so it is probably best to try a bunch before making a big investment if possible.I have owned the Shure E2c & E4c, the Ultimate Ears 5 Pro, as well as the Etymotic ER-6i & ER-4P. I have also tried the new bose in-ears.The first pair I owned was the E2c from Shure. These headphones got me into the in-ear market and impressed me how much better the idea of blocking sound was than trying to cancel it, which always turned out poorly to my ears."Where did the music go?""I don't know. I guess it got canceled."I was also impressed by the fact I didn't need to walk around with big studio headphones on to get good sound. I did however find the bass was somewhat overblown and the sound muffled. They are also somewhat bulky.This led me to the Shure E4c, a great pair of headphones. I have found, for the shape of my ears, these to be the most comfortable headphones out there, and a noticeable improvement over the E2c. The sound is great as well. My only complaint is that the high end can get harsh at times and I found myself having to EQ some records to prevent the highs from killing my ears. They have a good amount of bass, but it is not as clear as some other headphones.After owning the E4c model for a long time, I decided to move on to the Ultimate Ears 5 Pros. I have to admit I didn't really like these headphones, but I can see why some people would. They don't fit as deep into your ears as any other model I've owned, which some people might prefer. Unfortunately this also means that they don't block sound as well either. Second, the sound is less natural. The high end is thin and the bass is over-hyped. I would describe it as a scooped-mid sound which makes the bass forceful and the highs sparkle, but fatigued my ears and left out some of the most pleasing frequencies.I decided to return the UE5 Pros after one on the earphones started crackling intermittently (I hear they are very reliable, just not my pair). I replaced them with the ER-6i model from Etymotic. I have a love/hate relationship with these headphones, but I will still give them 5 stars. First of all, the love. They fit very deep in your ears, but I found them to be comfortable and noticed that they blocked outside sound better than any other headphones I had tried. The sound is very natural. Not everyone likes this, but I was in love. Do not buy these headphones if you are looking for a lot of bass. They do, however, have great bass definition, better than the E4c from Shure. My main problem with these headphones is that they are delicate. See other reviews on this topic. Etymotic really should address this issue. Overall I found these to be vastly superior to the Shure E2c and the Bose, which are in the same price range.After loving the ER-6i, I decided to step up to the ER-4P. This is currently my all-time favorite pair of headphones. More so even than any expensive studio pair I have owned. These headphones are expensive for walking around town and most people will balk at the price, but I have found them to be worth it. They fit pretty much the same as the ER-6i, but are more durable. The bass is stronger than the ER-6i and the highs are cleaner. All around a very natural even sound that has very little color to it. For anyone who records out there this is a great choice because not only does it block out a lot of sound, but because they are in-ears, there is no leakage into the mic, which can be a hassle.I tried the bose in-ears when a colleague brought them to work, but do not own them. We all found they had greatly exaggerated bass and didn't sound very good. But I only heard them once.Thanks for reading and I hope this can help you in your search for "great sound."
This case is perfect for a small digital camera, such as a Nikon compact (not SLR). Comes with a belt loop and strap. Seems to be well built.
I had this DVD recorder for about 6 mon. & then it would not read a disk when I put it in the recorder. I sent it in for repairs & it worked good until the warranity was up. Now the tray door won't open so I can put a disk in it.I am not impressed with the Gateway brand right now. I have a Gateway computer & the hard drive went out after only 18 mon. I didn't get an extended warranity on it so it will cost over $300 to get it fixed.My advice is stay away from anything Gateway!
lots of bells & whistles on this set. the keyboard is supposed to perform several mouse functions via the buttons, wheel and toggle on the left hand side. but the zoom toggle and the button to switch windows haven't worked for me.BIG COMPLAINT: mouse is very heavy (the cordless mouse at work is about 60% lighter). if you like to game using a mouse, forget it. if your computer work involves a lot of mousing, maybe you should stick with a corded mouse or try another brand.I had a carpal tunnel syndrome scare a few years ago, so i learned every keyboard command I could to reduce mouse use and I'm learning to live without computer games.On the plus side: It's the only set i found that's Windows ME compatible.Excellent pricing (compared 6 other vendors).Set matches my new glass and brushed aluminum PC cart. Smart looking, if you like charcoal and pewter, brushed finishes.
I've had this headset for over two years and use it daily for conference calls. The headset finally broke where the headband fits into the adjustable portion. I'm still able to use it by taping the broken part, but finally decided to replace it. The sound quality of the speaker and of the microphone are exceptional. You can't get better for the price.
I got the Koss PortaPro headphones when they were new, I think it was 1998. They're a really nice set of phones, BTW. Not studio monitors, but I worked in a boring lab job, and needed quality sound. Those delivered.That is, until, about 8 or 9 years late when the foam started disintegrating. I saw rotten black poly in my kid's ears when he borrowed them.These pads fit perfectly. They have been in place for almost 4 years now, and they have not disintegrated.I'm speaking directly to performance and longevity, now:A single set of these pads has been in place for almost 4 years, and has not started to break down.Granted, I use these in climate-controlled conditions only... but they're lasting so long, I don't even know where the package is.And the sound quality has not deteriorated in the least since this replacement. If anything, they restored the balance that was lost when the old pads degraded.I have and will continue to recommend these to friends.
Our medical clinic have recently went live with Electronic Medical Records System. We utilize a hosted solution, so a solid VPN connection with the host was critically important. We started out using a Syswan Dual WAN router. It was awful, the connection was down every other day if we were lucky. We switched to this router, the connection has been solid since the first week of November. Our tunnel went down only once, because the local data center went down in a storm. Within 10 min. we were up again with a back up DataCenter. I have been able to stop worrying about the connection, a big plus in my book. I just set up another of these at home and have enjoyed similar experience for the last 2 weeks.
We bought these to create a picture curtain of all of our incoming employees for the season. The film works great...kind of pricey...about a $1-$1.50 per employee...so it adds up with a lot of employees.
I bought and returned two samples of this set due to a failed screen. This occured in both sets after only two weeks of use. They are made in China and quality control is nonexistent. I bought the set because of the great features and it did have a good picture (while it worked) especially with Progressive DVD. This was my first purchase of a Philips TV and will be my last. After the second return, I purchased a Panasonic 14" and have had no trouble. The Panasonic has much higher quality of construction (made in Japan) and is very reliable.
I bought this about 2 years ago and it worked flawlessly most of the time, depsite the occasional disconnect (over wireless) and being really really slow. But otherwise it was fairly dependable.The last 2 firmware and software upgrades has completely broken the SC101. It doesn't work sometime... it doesn't work. I should point out that if you're wired it works fine. But the wireless is completely broken. I've poured over their website documents (which currently ironically isn't working) and I've poured over their forums and absolutely nothing works. I haven't tried contacting Netgear. One look at the comments about their support on the forums and you'll understand why I passed. Well it's complete junk for my needs. I'm preparing for a trip and I'll be coming back with several hours of video footage and when I get back I need a product that works. Not a product that I have to spend days pouring over forums trying to figure out how to make it work. I suppose I had a good run for a couple years. But as soon as I transfer my data to a temporary drive, I'm throwing the SC101 right in the trash.
This was my first mp3 player which is now my brother's because I purchased one with more memory/space, but it was good. For the space it has and the features on it it's pretty good. It has a stopwatch, radio, light options, two usb modes, and an auto turn off feature(Go to settings, power, and choose time). With that it'll turn off by itself whether a song is playing or not so you won't have to do it yourself, but you'll have to set it to that each time you want it to turn off by itself though. The only real issue that so many people complain about is the freezing which occurs every now and then. For that you can just remove the battery, put it on back again and you're ready to go(Though you'll have to set your settings back to how you want them). The headphones give a pretty good sound but be very careful as not to twist or bend them to much around the spot where you connect them or around the ear pieces because those are the more weak spots. Basically this is for those who don't have a HUGE variety of music though still bigger than of what's hot on the radio, and who want something simple and easy to use.
AS ADVERTISED. ONE CAVEAT, WHEN BREAKING THE SEAL OF THE MAGENTA CARTRIDGE, INK SPURTED OUT AND IF I HAD NOT BEEN HOLDING IT OVER SOME UNIMPORTANT PAPERS IT WOULD HAVE BEEN A CATASTROPHE. IF IT HAD GONE ON CARPET I WOULD HAVE BEEN EXTRAORDINARILY UPSET. AS IT WAS MY FINGERS RECOVERED IN TWO TO THREE DAYS AND THE PAPERS WERE DISCARDED. THIS EXPERIENCE HAS ALTERED FOR EVER THE CARE I TAKE WHEN BREAKING THE SEAL ON ALL INK CARTRIDGES. I SUSPECT THAT THERE MAY HAVE BEEN AN AIR BUBBLE PACKED AND SEALED IN THE CARTRIDGE AT EITHER A LOWER ALTITUDE AND/OR LOWER TEMPERATURE THAN WHEN I OPENED IT. BE CAREFUL OUT THERE!
If you're considering an iPod mini or even an iPod, read this.I looked at the market extensively and took a lot of advice before making the big buy here. I wanted a player that had good capacity, construction that can stand up to exercise, good sound quality, good battery life, good looks, compatibility, and a fair price. Tall order, eh? Actually, the Creative Zen Micro solves all that.Sound quality? Phenomenal. Unarguably better than Apple's, and nice earbuds to boot.Looks? Let's just say it's no coincidence I put "Foxy Lady" on there. Your choice of ten colors in a beatiful package.Capacity? Apple has tried to hide something from you: most people don't actually need more than a few gigs at most. Five gigabytes is plenty for my great albums. (Like I really wanted "Hotel California" anyway.)Construction? Tough as nails. No skips, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable drop or two.)Compatibility? Flawless. They've partnered with Napster to give you a free month of the subscription service (read: all the music you want free for thirty days, when you can cancel with all your music safely hidden away.) No locked-in proprietary business like Apple; this baby plays WMAs too.The voice recorder is a beautiful add-on; not even necessary, but just an example of why Apple just wants your money and Creative Labs wants to make a better player. Gets nice sound too. The FM tuner is just a little spare icing on the cake.And the price? A bargain $200. Do NOT buy Apple. Inferior quality at a higher price (and shoddy reliability) is not quite justified just because they have a better spokesperson.In conclusion, this player is beautiful. Power for the tech-savvy, ease of use for the less fortunate. But it; you won't regret it.
I have had my Toshiba tablet for a week now and love it. I was not entirely sure what to expect, though I did my homework. This works great for everything I need, both as a laptop and a tablet. I find that I am using it in tablet mode a lot and that I can proficiently do just about everything in tablet mode that I can do in laptop mode. The pen is easy to use and works great. The handwriting recognition is much more accurate than I expected.It does need more RAM. I am going to add 1GB (...) to take it up to 1.25 GB. Plan on adding some as tablet PC appears to consume more resources than regular XP.The unit is a little bulky. But again, it's rugged and is exactly what I was looking for. I would definately purchase this one again!! :)
I purchased this camera case for the Kodak Z650. This case is perfect for the Kodak Z650. It looks and feels like a high quality camera case and does allow for the storage of an SD card or two.I'm very happy with this purchase!
Just a few words -The smaller the camera, the smaller the optical glass. The smaller the optical glass, the smaller the maximum camera aperture. The smaller the cameras maximum aperture, the inability to take excellent photos in lower light is lost.You buy a small camera for it's portability, and that often means that you give up picture quality for size. This is my 2nd Elph, and like the first, it takes decent photos, but not excellent photos. It has a myriad of automatic options to supposedly make certain photographic situations easier to photograph, but quite honestly, I've tried most of the auto & semi-manual settings, and I still end up having to tweak most every image in photoshop. (Usually having to correct the the contrast levels first.)I worked for 10 years selling film camera in a specialty camera shop. I watched as the cameras (and lenses) got smaller and the photo quality worse. (We had an in-house photo lab) The great thing about digital pics, is that you can just keep taking a shot (as the situation permits) over and over until you get it right and can delete the rest. If it's still not perfect, you can enhance it in a photo editor. But sadly, a mini camera like this is really going to only ever take it's best pictures in full sunlight.
This is my first DVD player. Never pay much attention to JVC products lately but I did owned a few good stuffs from this brand back in the heydays. I was in the market for a multi-region PAL/NTSC player with a built in converter and finally narrowed down to the one and only JVC, which offered a "built in PAL/NTSC converter" compared to others (paid extra for the upgrade) and now I can play my PAL discs from just about every country and region vice versa. I like the simple but very classy design in black which matches my system. The unit does offer alot more than I expected including the usual CD format and rarities such as: Super VCD & DVD Audio capability. I use the "Component" RGB hook up and in non-progressive/interlaced mode through a Panasonic 27" flat, and the picture and sound quality is crystal clear!Weaknesses:Slight pause during disc layer change (small issue)DVD Audio in analog? (I could be wrong)No WMAJPEG slow (small issue and don't use anyway)Remote is confusing (too busy)
Good unit, does what it's supposed to. Cap could become easily lost, and keychain tab could be sturdier, but the price is right.
I have a 5 year old computer which included 2 USB ports in the back and I am limited to and wanted 2.0 instead of the obsolete 1.0 version. I almost bought a USB 2.0 "hub", but then I thought I'm missing the new "Firewire" ports and wanted to see if this "combo" exist, not only does it exist from a number of available different manufacturers, but they also wanted a boat load of money for it. So I decided to do more searching and came across and stumbled upon this unit. This was the solution that I was looking for and the price (which cost way less than gasoline in my car) you can't go wrong. It's a solid tight fit into the PCI slot and there are one of each ports available internally for future expansion so I will buy a 3.5" front bay USB/1394 combo (cost only a few bucks) and expand some ports into the front for digital camera, etc. and use the back for permanent items like the printer and other stationary peripherals.
This product works as well as I would expect from Emjoi. It is a little stronger than most, and you do have to be careful not to use too much pressure, but it really gets everything! I bought this to replace a Braun Silk Epil Facial Epilator and it does a better job, and faster.Even though I bought it for facial use, it would be great for leg, underarm, and bikini touch-ups while traveling. I just wish it came with a travel or storage case of some kind. I had to use a cosmetics case of my own for storage, but at least it's small enough to fit in one. (That's why I only give it 4 stars.)
the lens was so heavy and gave a really bad blur to all pictures. i stooped using it plus the cover that came with the lens keeps on falling and is not good . i don't recommend it at all. i use an olympus E-510 .
Over the years, I have used no other but only HPs for all my printing tasks and relied heavily on their "layered technology" printers. The 990cse is my latest printer and I must admit that the print results are as good as any HP printer should be -- the quality of prints (texts) are laser-sharp, graphics & pictures printed on plain paper documents are excellent and true-to-life, however, the biggest drawback about this particular model was indeed as we all know by now is the design mechanism. Occasionally, I would encounter a few paper jams here and there and can relate to most previous reviewers' about envelopes jamming up during printing and ready to feed out...indeed this is the most frustrating part. Due to the reason, the unit will not get 5 stars because of its design mechanics.PROS:Print quality (unbelievable laser-like texts -- on any paper type!!!)Rich colors and true black texts.Print speedInfrared link printing capabilityFull Duplex built in and removable (Automatic 2-sided printing)Duty cycle: 5,000 pgs/mo (does not make one difference to me)CONS:Very expensive unit ($400)Bulky designBad mechanical designNoisySways back and forth while operating (this is very common with HPs)Jams envelopes at most times & papers sometimesEXPENSIVE INK CARTRIDGES!!! (In the course of owning this printer, I have spent over $600 just on ink...and counting)!
Does what it says it does...There is an application you can run on your computer which will tell you all sorts of stuff about your power like how many jiggawattz you're using and how many volts are being supplied and how many minutes you can expect to compute after the power's out. For reference, my conventional desktop has a 3.2ghz AMD 64x2 proc and a fanless ATI video card & two 7200rpm hard drives, and draws an average 90w with 17" lcd monitor - which this device claims it'll run for about 30-33 minutes.So there you have it. I unplugged it from the wall and it screeched at me and my computer did not seem to care.. apart from logging the event on the included software. Woo!
Looks great, fits well.On my 2001 Blazer I needed to trim a plastic support piece behind the radio for it to fit, the support piece (part of the vehicle, not part of this kit) is made of a dense plastic and was originally meant to hold up the back of the OEM radio. I trimmed this plastic support level with the bottom of the opening in this Metra kit so it supports the weight of the aftermarket radio, and glued a little piece of felt to the top of it so the metal chassis of the radio would not squeak as it naturally vibrates a little from driving down the road.The Metra kit works perfectly in this application and was easy to use.
I got this camera for Christmas. The intent was to take pictures of my two small children to e-mail to their Grandparents back in the US (we're a military family stationed overseas). HA!Pictures taken in a well-lit room with the auto flash on turned out too white in the light areas and too black in the dark areas. My son's face turned out blue. Yes, BLUE! The software the camera comes with doesn't have the right options to correct these errors.I was embarrased to send the pictures I took back home. We're returning it tomorrow and getting something else!
Purchased a 25-Pk Spindle of these which included 3 Bonus discs making a total of 28 discs. They burned perfectly, not even one coaster; zip, none, nada - I got 28 out of 28 using my Panasonic recorder at 16X and they played fine on every component I fed them to! Will buy more.Pros:*Value*Quality*Speed*CompatibilityCons:*None so far
These are too long to fit well resting in the outer ear and too thick to fit in the canal. They're much less comfortable than the earbuds that came with my Sansa MP3 player, and the sound quality isn't as good, either. I'll be replacing mine before they wear out--a first for me!
It's a Kodak U-8 USB cable. It says Kodak right on the plug and works perfectly. It was cheaper here than through the Kodak website.Would be 5 stars, but I'm now receiving Adorama e-mail newsletters that I did not request (SPAM).
I ordered the 200 jewel cases and only 14 were broken on arrival. Based on other customer reviews, I was expecting that. Based on the price that I paid the unbroken jewel cases are 15 cents a piece. I think that is a good bargain. The unbroken cases are servicable and sturdy enough for ordinary use. If you drop one on the floor, it is probably going to break. But I do not do that very often. I have been buying this type (if not exactly this same brand) of cases for over four years - hundreds of them - and can testify to their seviceability if handled with care
I've been using Taiyo Yuden discs for a long time now (from their Compact Disc recordables) and now to DVD-Rs! My Panasonic home recorder loves them and so far; I have not wasted one single disc nor experienced any problems whatsoever. For the price, they are not expensive at all and the assurance is that I'll get a brand that manufactures their own media - not from a cheap and unknown source - and that alone is worth it to pay more even IF they costs more!
I've spent weeks looking at the walls in my apartment and said to myself that I wasn't going to staple, nailed or stick any tapes over the wires once I get my 7.1 Home Theater receiver and Surround Speakers routed. So I ordered two sets of these (50FTx2) super-flat wires ahead of time. They were exactly what I wanted, not only they are flat, yet they are thick enough as well. The wires are actually strapped within a strong adhesive tape. All you have to do is run them along the edges of the walls (or underneath a carpeted area) and at the same time peeling them to adhere to wherever and whatever that you wanted; connect and screw the flat ends to the included 'terminators', then run about 3-4 inches of regular speaker wires from the outer end of the terminators to your satellite speakers and you're done! I used up about 80 feet worth and my Home Theater was in business the very same evening! They are crisp, LOUD, and sounded excellent without a hint of dropout!Tips:Attach and screw the flat ends tightly to the 'terminators' (one for each speaker) and connect 3"-4" of regular speaker wires out from the other end of the terminator, then connect them your speakers. You'll have to connect another 'terminator' on the other end and you'll need much longer speaker wires for connecting to your receiver. You can purchase some 'spade-end' wire if you don't want to use the 'blocky-shaped' terminators, it'll probably give a cleaner look.Pros:*Flat but thick!*Copper*Strong Adhesive*Very clean compared to regular wires where you'd have to hold it down with tape or nail*Strong, clean sound.Cons:*The white tapes are 'glossy', didn't match up well with my 'egg-shell' colored walls, but still worked out better than expected. It can also be painted over to match.*Very hard to make 'extensions', you can't really solder them and the signals won't transfer easily because of the sticky adhesives, but I've managed to do so when I extended my RIGHT Surround another 5 feet.*Once they are in, they don't come out easily w/o getting some chunks of paint sticking to the tapes, which in turn makes them almost impossible for reuse.*Package didn't state that two terminators are included which prompted me to purchase a set of 6 separately (not cheap) and now I have leftovers.
I bought this for my PC rig; to control its monitor, two printers, a pair of 2.1 speakers, modem and the router. The device was very easy to use and worked just like any ordinary surge protector, plus, it has the ability to automatically cut off any unused power completely -- controlled by one master outlet. I plugged the All-In-One Epson printer, modem and router into the 'Always on Hot' outlets and the PC in to the 'Controlled'. When I turned on the PC, everything else that was plugged in to the 'switched' outlets came back to 'standby' mode and are ready for initialization. When I listen to music, I just simply turned the dial 'ON' for my speakers. The other (HP) printer is also ready for printing! Amazingly, when I shutdown the computer, everything else went to 'dead' mode and all standby lights are now off! I didn't have to adjust a thing, it's basically plug and play!Pros:*Easy to set up*Adequate Outlets plus 3 'Always On'*Some good adjacent spaces for accompanying large AC Adapter-type plugs*Adjustable power trim for sensing controlCons:*Expensive!*Outlets are kind of stiff and hard to plug to.*Not good for entertainment systems especially if you have a Home Theater receiver, reason:As suggested, the TV should be plugged in to the 'Control' outlet, but here's the major problem; as a music lover, I wouldn't be able to listen to any music through my receiver because it is controlled to be OFF, unless I turned on the TV for the rests of the 'switched' devices to work. One might think that the solution would be to swap with the TV and plug the Receiver in to the Controlled outlet, but this defeats the purpose because:1.) The receiver consumes excess power with its glowing red standby light on2.) In order for the 'Home Theater' sound to work correctly, my TV MUST be turned on first before the Receiver.Nice, otherwise I'd buy two! But for the entertainment center I bought theBelkin Conserve Switch with Remote. It has 10 outlets with TWO always on and 8 on/off or 'switched' controlled by the remote with a 60 ft. range and no line of sight requirement, with this; I can turned the power on to either listen to music or watch TV!One might also asks why didn't I buy two Belkins to begin with? Well, although the Belkin served my purpose for the entertainment center but I didn't think it'll do well for the PC. For 'simplicity and convenience' purposes I'd rather have the Bits Smart Strip simply because whenever I shut down the computer, I'd like to stand up and leave right away instead of sitting around waiting for it to finish up, and then having to press a remote for the main power to go off. But I did thought about buying two initially.The Bits Smart Strip does the job automatically every time as mentioned, and I'm glad I use the right ones for its intended purposes.
The best thing about this unit is battery life. I started with 3 D size duracells 4 months ago and the meter is still full. Use it average of 2 hours a day!Also, the clock displays the time while the radio is on. Even shows the seconds - if you're concerned with knowing that sort of information in the shower.Was surprised by the little flashlight on the side - I had to put little rubber feet on that side to stop it from turning on when bumping against the wall. Guess it might come in handy in the event of a blackout during a midnight shower. Think about it.Not shown in the picture is the nice handle which rotates up behind the unit. Works nice to hang on a curtian rod against the wall. Wouldn't work very well by itself on a towel bar though.
I bought this to control my guitar amplifier, guitar effects, and the rests of my musical gear that's connected to it. I now have total control of what needs to be 'on' and what not, thanks to the individual power switches. Before that, I was using one of those regular cheap-white $7 surge that either turns everything on or off, so I had to unplug certain devices, except for the guitar amp because it has an on/off power button. My effects processor does not have a power on/off switch so I'd have to manually plug it in every time I play, and unplug it when I stop. Now I have EVERYTHING plugged in to the Ultra and powered individually; and also with the 'main' master power button -- one flick for ON or OFF! Convenience as hell if you'd asked me.Aside from the conveniences, I am glad that the Ultra surge protector was able to cut off power individually for unused devices to conserve energy. The plugs are spaced apart just enough to accompany bigger transformer adapters and still manages to provide adequate space for adjacent AC plugs -- so long as you don't have TWO big block transformers back to back you are fine. In addition to the six individually powered outlets, there is a seventh 'unswitched' or Always ON outlet -- which I use for my electronic LED alarm clock radio, so when the surge is off, I'd still have the clock running!There's also some 'rack-mountable' professional units out there that are similar but selling for hundreds more (like the Fuhrman), but at this price the Ultra is exactly what I was looking for, and it did the job!
If you want to use this unit, go to college and get a technical degree first or you will go insane trying to make it work. Nothing is easy these days, nothing! To use this kind of unit, you better make sure you have everything Panasonic first, then you better go to their training schools to learn the ever expanding technical complications of these units and all units in this or any area. It's insane, nothing works easily or simply. All I wanted to do was record my VHS collection to DVD...good luck. I can't even get it to play a dvd! Tech suppost is obnoxious. But hey, this is only Panasonic, try SOny..or Dell, the are hidious and horrible. TOO many companies, too complicated, too much BS. Life shouldn't be this crazed!
What do you do when your filmmaker is 9 and your video camera ran you $650?Hand them a flip.It's simple to use and reasonably priced. My kids are able to use both hardware and software independently, they create their own shows, upload it to the computer and then they're able to edit it themselves.You are not going to get perfect quality, it's low resolution (grainy even) and zooms without precision.What you do get is hours and hours of pleasure and quick results, it's durable and easy to store.At this price point it's the only Digital Video Camera worth owning.Who knows, maybe your kid is the next Steven Spielberg?
This review is largely taken from an online review of digital photography in general, and the iBook/iPhoto and Canon G2 in particular. The review is part of my personal/hobby ....I've been using the G2 fairly intensively for about 2 months. I use it in close combination with my iBook and iPhoto, together with GraphicConverter. I have some amateur photography expertise and a good amount of computing expertise.Overall I am very pleased with my experience, but I can say with certainty (and surprise) that we are still quite early in the digital phtography age. As excellent as this product is, there is vast room for improvement in both the G2 and in digital photography in general. The good news is that even in its current immature state it's worth doing.Pros and Cons follow:Pro: Shutter lag is tolerable if one can get focus lockCon: Focusing. The camera is often very slow to obtain focus lock. This means one presses the #!% shutter button and nothing happens. Manual focus is very clumsy (dismal) and hard to use, so the focus lock problem is serious and sometimes infuriating.Pro:Good optics.Con: Doomed optics. Uninspiring lens assembly design, silly device for attaching lenses and filters.Pro: RAW FormatCon: RAW Format: secret specifications, poor quality OS X versions of proprietary softwarePro: Solid, made in Japan. Relatively large lens allows some available light photography.Con: Big and heavy.Pro: LCD view panelCon: The worst optical viewfinder ever made for any camera.Pro: AC adapter brick not too heavy/bulky.Con: Flimsy cover for camera power/USB connections. AC Adapter clearly has a mismatched plug/cord that tends to fall out.Pro: Programmed settings.Con: Inability to save personalized settings.Pro: Macro featurePro: CF II supportCon: Bundled OS X software is incomplete or of poor quality; Canon refuses to share information with alternative developers. On the other hand the Windows software (installed on Win2K) is even lower quality, with major apps that simply didn't work.Pro: No SLR vibration, so decent photos at slow shutter speeds!Con: Artificial shutter sound is way too loud, even at the quietest setting. Inexplicable! Need an optical cue that a picture was taken as well as a much quieter shutter sound.Pro: Rapid shoot works well (disable flash)Con: Can't use exposure lock feature if display is turned off.Pro: Can use external flash.Con: Flash exposures are often poor. One gets correct exposure only between about 6 and 12 feet away, otherwise pictures with the built-in flash are either under or over exposed.Con: The camera will power down while images are being transferred to a laptop, even when the camera is plugged in. With JPG images I can transfer about 25 before this happens. If you use Canon's software you get a warning dialog from the software, but if you use iPhoto it simply gives an error message and an empty .jpg file is created. Need to disable auto-off during those transfers.Con: Automatic white balance is unreliable in daylight. Fails to recognize overcast light, must set this manually or images will be overly blue.Digital Problems (all contenders, not just the G2)- Shutter lag (time required from squeezing shutter to acquiring image)- Lithium battery has poor performance at low temperature.- CCD is "slow", about ISO 50-100. Can "push" to higher speeds, but more "noise" (unless super cool). Shutter speeds are slow.- Limited dynamic range and color discrimination.- Standards for image metadata and properties of camera are not well standardized and existing standards are not well supported.- Getting color right across output media is so complex people make a good living as consultants doing this.
I received my heaphones today and within 10 seconds of listening to it, I put everything back like how it came and will be returning it. These phones sounded nothing like how it claimed to be such as; powerful stereo sound, and they do not have great clarity nor rich sound with crisp bass response, if anything, these phones are lacking major bass response! They sounded so low that I'd have to boost the volume from my iPod to 90% to get anything acceptable whereas with my JVC and Sony Headphones, all it needed was no more than 45%!So yeah, these are day and night compared to what I have. This is very unfortunate - to slap the Sennheiser name on such an inferior piece of product. The HD201 actually reminded me of the vintage Nova learning phones along with a tape recorder that was used back in late 70s through the early 80s while in elementary school - big, bulky, and full of airy mid vocal frequency. I guess you'll have to spend a whole lot more than $15 for a quality Sennheiser.
I wanted to love this. It's solar, it's pink, it's whimsical.It could have been an integral part of my earthquake kit (we do live in Los Angeles).But it didn't really work for me. First off, charging it in the car is pointless and slow. It requires direct sunlight so even a tree giving some shade makes it not charge. Secondly, it takes about eight hours to charge fully, that means you have to follow the sun for eight hours.Unless you live in a yurt, you probably only get a few hours of sunlight from each window. Which brings me to my third point.It charges best when left outside.Nope, it's a $90 item and I don't want to leave it lying around outside.I get that it's hip to be green and pink is fun and playful, the design it beautiful and the freebies are flowing with these (everyone at fashion week LA got one) but it just doesn't do what it's supposed to do.I'll wait for the second generation, hopefully it will work better.
This if from my web page, but I don't think Amazon will allow reviewers to include a URL so here it is in text:Synchronizing a Palm Vx with an OS X iBookI've recently synched my Palm Vx with my iBook. I'll explain why and how.My OS X iBook is my personal laptop, and my preferred traveling computer. I also travel with a Palm Vx, so being able to synchronize the Vx with the iBook is very desirable. Unfortunately the one painful surprise about the iBook is the lack of an IR port, and I knew it lacked a serial connector. I thought I'd simply by a new PalmOS device with USB sync or Bluetooth support (the latter would also require buying a Bluetooth USB device), but I've ended up inheriting a number of Palm Vx devices, cables, and peripherals. The Vx has been reliable, some of the newer PalmOS PDA's we've bought have not been. I decided to invest in a Vx sync solution, and hold off on a new PDA until I see what Apple does and whether PalmOS and its licensees recommit to reliability.There seem to be two choices for how to proceed with a Vx as of Jan 2003. As always the key thing is the quality of the device drivers, and that tends to be very vendor specific. You want to go with a trusted vendor.MadsonLine sells a USB/IR Port device for OS X: This would mean fewer cables to carry, but it's a new device and I had no reports of it working with a PDA IR sync. I had some trouble getting IR sync working on my Win2K machines, and I find IR sync to be very slow under Windows.Keyspan sells a USB/Serial PDA Adapter with OS X drivers. I've read reports of success with this device, Keyspan has a great reputation, the device works under Windows as well (though I don't really need it for Windows!) and it seemed simpler.Despite having yet another cable to carry, I opted for this solution.I downloaded and installed the latest Keyspan device drivers (of course I ignored the older version on the CD) for OS. I plugged in my Vx and used the Keyspan utility to confirm the system now had a (virtual) serial port. I then downloaded and installed Palm's Desktop 4.0. The HotSync worked quite well. Palm Desktop on the Mac is a bit klunky (ugly) looking, but it seems to work.I then experimented with iSync and iCal. The iSync installation is clunky, with a separate Palm conduit install step that disables the standard Palm conduits. I got everything working, but it felt like a hack. Usenet and Palm support forums suggested performance was miserable, and since I need to also sync my Palm Vx with my PC Palm Desktop and my workplace Exchange server I thought syncing with the very different iCal and Address apps was a bridge way too far. (Synching one Palm to 3 desktops on two platforms with two very different desktop applications is way beyond the bounds of sanity. It may work for me only because I have experienced all the pitfalls.) I decided to return to the Palm Desktop/Mac (for now).Since the iSync conduit install removes the Palm conduits, I reinstalled Palm Desktop and they were restored. Subsequent synching appears to be working and the Keyspan device has been trouble free.
Once installed and charged, these batteries run my portable phones for about a week before needing recharging. Good enough for me.
A handstrap is a great addtion to any camera system. You won't believe the stress it will relive from your hand/arm especially when using bigger cameras and/or heavier/longer lesnes.It could be better if the strap was more robust or padded, but still this is great overall.
This is the best t.v. we've ever owned. Our last 46" hd was total junk.. sitting out on my front porch! Will NEVER buy that brand again.This t.v. is so clear and sharp.I am 100% satisfied. We had been shopping for a new t.v. for quite some time, amazon has done well on this. We had no tax, free shipping, and the price couldn't even be matched by stores like WalMart.Video games are amazing too, by the way. No pixelation at all.
Even by the very low standards of the commodity Wintel world, the documentation is poor. I don't know if it's any better in the source language. The Hawking web site documentation was little better.Don't try this device unless you are either a tech nerd or have access to one. (I'm the former.) They really should have spent a bit more money and engaged someone who's knowledgeable and can write english. HOWEVER, depending on your network configuration, you might be able to ignore the documentation, just plug this in, install the client printing software on a Windows machine, and JUST PRINT. The Hawking Windows client print sofware will work even if the device is not configured with an IP address.That said, the device is working quite well for me. I print to an ancient and very reliable Apple LaserWriter Select 360 that has a parallel port connection from both my iBook (over a WAP) and my Win2K machines. I configured the Hawking using their software on a Win2K machine; you can configure it from a Mac or Linux client (I'm told) but it's not easy. The problem is that the device ships without an IP address and with DHCP disabled. Once you connect with it using the Windows client you can assign it an IP address and use the web interface. The latter is not as useful as the Windows configuration client.I print via IP printing (lpr) from my OS X iBook, using the Hawking print client software from one of my Win2K machines, and using the IPP protocol from another Win2K machine. I also tested the Win2K LPR setup, which I think is fundamentally very similar to the Win2K IPP printing. They all worked, I was experimenting.I tried AppleShare printing as well from my iBook. That did work, but OS X is not optimized for AppleShare so switched back to IP printing.I've not yet tested the USB ports. Printing from OS X to a non-PostScript USB printer is not supported by this device and is a bit tricky at the best of times. I may try that sometime when I'm bored.
It's ok. If you don't have HD set up though it won't look any better than a regular tv. I think Toshiba offers better colors on their screens. Don't know how but the Regza seems better to me.
The difference between using this flash vs. the built in is night and day. Additionaly the ability to tilt/pivot the head for bounce effects is a must for any portrait work. It's high Guide Numbers and fast recycle time and sync make it ideal for sports too. Only thing that would make this flash better would be the features that the 580EXII bring.
as a performance artist interested in being able to create my own multi-media projects i enthusiastically bought this rubbish software. the installation seemed fine, but very soon after it crashed so often that i got to where i was saving my project after every change just so i wouldn't lose my work. the texts and fonts don't work, it jumps around trying to guess your intentions (almost as badly as microsoft word's auto-correct), it only burns to dvd about 1 time in 10, and the rendering process can exceed 12 hours for only 25 minutes of material. expect to be on hold from 30-60 minutes for technical support (not a toll-free number), and don't expect the menu options to be saved properly. the one time it created a dvd properly it was absolutely beautiful; however, i worked much too hard to get so little out of the program. i also had to rebuild my entire system FOUR times after the computer stopped booting (note: i have a 2.6 ghz processor, 512 meg ram, and 120 gig, with windows xp media edition -- don't try to blame these problems on my system!)... i'm going to try the sony product: it averages about 4 stars from other users and costs the same or less.
First and foremost, the read/write speed on this unit was slower than my USB2 card readers. I tested it against multiple controllers, motherboards, HD targets, etc... but came up slower than USB2 every time.Next, it did not offer hot swap capability. You either have to reboot on a card change or go into the device manager and scan for hardware changes. Switching the SATA controller within the BIOS from IDE to ACHI did improve the stability of hot swap a bit, but still not flawless hot swap as a USB reader offers.Finally, the build quality of this isn't great. You have to be delicate inserting cards and it's a push button eject instead of a tension push/pull...and the push button eject didn't feel all that great, so doubt its durability.Sticking with USB2 for now until another vendor offers a SATA card reader or USB3 versions come out.
FIND ANOTHER COMPANY.I bought this model t.v. It arrived with a broken remote. Not just broken, cracked and smashed. It wasn't wrapped at all. Someone just threw it loose in the box. At some point, it became crushed. I have emailed Jensen 3 times. I left them 5 messages over a period of a week. They never once responded to me. They let you stay on hold up to 15 min. at a time, then they automatically kick you over to the answering service. At one point, 3 weeks ago, I did manage to get a real person. They tried to charge me $20 for a replacement remote. I said no way would I pay, they owed me a remote. The man very rudely told me I'd get one in 10 days IF they had one in stock. That was over 3 weeks ago. I cannot hook up my son's video games to the t.v. without changing the source and you need the remote to change the source. I am really angry and frustrated with this company. The t.v. itself is long, and really bulky. It doesn't even fit in a standard entertainment center. The picture isn't as clear as it should be for brand new. The dvd player can be quirky. I'm wondering if I got a new or 'refurbished' tv.Do yourself a favor, and do NOT buy from Jensen. There is virtually NO customer support.
There's not much to say about a grill cover. It's not like this is a car. But basically it is solid, tough, large, weather proof, and a great deal. Excellent product.
It's fits perfectly. It's easy to wire, it's quiet, it blows. It was the best price I could find and it works. 'Nough said.
I bought this adapter for use with my Suunto X6HR watch. It seemed to work at first when first installed. But on subsequent usage, Windows would fail to properly recognize the adapter. Sometimes unplugging and replugging it would work, other times a reboot would do, and occasionally a reinstall of the driver was required. Also, it seemed to only work in the same USB port as it was originally install.Then after a month or two, it stopped working altogether.
This is my 2nd adapter for use with my Suunto X6HR watch. My first -- the CP-03 or whatever its called -- worked unreliably at best and then eventually died. This one works like a charm, every time. It doesn't matter which USB port I plug it into.
I have this DVD player hooked up to my Sony 60" XBR display, so picture quality was very important to me. I tried a number of players with high quality DVDs, and also with a couple of benchmarking discs that are designed to put the upconverting and various other features through rigorous tests.This Oppo player had the best image out of all the players I tried. It has many settings which can be used to tweak your picture, and I found that finding the best setting was important for getting the most out of the player (and was also somewhat time-consuming).But the effort was worth it. Great picture.The only negative is that the player isn't as polished as it could be. The remote control is awkward to use, the menus and screensaver look very amateurish, and the disc tray is a little flimsy and hard to get a disc into without scratching the disc.This Genesis/Faroudja chip is also known for having a macroblocking enhancement (MBE) problem, which isn't Oppo's fault. This means that the player sometimes enhances the rectangular blocks inherent in dark areas of compressed video. These blocks are present on all DVDs, but this player can sometimes enhance them and make them look worse. It depends on the display you are using. Some TVs will show it worse than others. It can be minimized with tweaking the brightness/contrast settings of both the player and the TV.
This is the 2nd GS108 I bought. I have a network of Macs passing large video files around and the Gigabit definitely works well. This switch is silent (unlike another one I have with noisy annoying fan) and I'd recommend it highly
I researched 3-channel systems for weeks before taking a chance and buying this system. I did not get a chance to preview this system -- my local dealers are set up poorly and are mainly large supercenters. Anyway, I am using these to play music as well as monitors for video editing, and they are as accurate as I have heard from a small pair of satellites and a sub. I have a recording studio downstairs with JBL pro-monitors and produce AV projects as a side business. I would highly recommend this system to anyone looking for an accurate, great-sounding system who can afford the extra bucks.
It works as advertised, but is easily confused in the presence of bright fluorescent lights. It comes with a darkened lense cap, but that reduces the accuracy of the detection. It also comes with small filter disks to insert behind the clear lense, but those also reduce the accuracy of the detection. I ended up removing the bright fluorescent lighting from the area, and the problem went away.
Ditto what the other have said, it's a great 'little' stand. I want to point out several things that are not evident from the text or photos:First, It can be used with or without the extension pole-you can use the stud/spigot or the extension pole.Second, it's made of cast iron or steel, and is quite heavy. It is very stable by itself when used without the extension pole.Third, there is even a mounting hole for the stud/spigot near the end of one of the legs, this get the light even lower than putting it in the center stand mount, and it's still very stable, at least with my Speedotron heads.Fourth, the legs swing together for packing, so it packs up quite small.FIfth, the rubber feet are quite thick and heavy duty.Lastly, it's made by Manfrotto, in Italy, not in China, and is very well made and I think, a bargain.One hint: I would add a second spigot/stud, at about $7, if you do a lot of different setup's. You will eventually misplace the stud and find yourself jury-rigging a solution. For $7. a spare stud that likely fits several things you own is cheap insurance.
This headset is super uncomfortable! The 'band' between the earpieces creates strain and pressure on a person's head. Furthermore the band is not contured to a person's head shape, so more pressure is concentrated at smaller area. Horrible comfort DESIGN! NO ultra thick foam below the band unlike Altec's 40mm headsets!Logitech's headsets got more distortion than Altec Lansing's too! However this headset's sound quality is pretty good and the bass is solid but I returned this headset for Altec Lansing AHS302i. Altec's driver is only 36mm and has less bass than this Logitech headset but I would trade in headaches for super comfort anytime.
I have a RepairMaster 5Y warranty for an LG washer dryer. First it took them 2 weeks to honor the warranty. I have a cracked drain hose which, due to LG design, and confirmed by a call to LG, is only technician-replaceable. The RepairMaster/Warrantech warranty is filled with exclusions not printed on the card you receive when you buy the warranty. When I described the problem to RepairMaster/Warrantech, they refused to fix it, stating that it fell under their exclusions. They claim it is an external user-serviceable part in spite of LG claiming that the connection is internal and not user-serviceable.RepairMaster/Warrantech has a C- rating with Better Business Bureau. I think any company that sells their warranties (including Amazon), should also have a C- rating.
There are many good reviews on this camera on amazon and elsewhere. I'm partial to an eclectic review I wrote on my blog -- if you want to read it Google on [Gordon's Tech Digital Rebel XT review] and you'll find it. (Amazon does not allow one to put URLs in a review).I won't repeat the full review here; instead I'll focus on ... getting sharp images. The negative reviews on Amazon complain about out-of-focus images. I think I can help.If you've used a consumer digital camera with a tiny CCD sensor, you've gotten used to great depth of field. The APS-sized (2x3 aspect ratio btw, not 3x4!) sensor on this camera is big enough that depth of field is back. When I use my 50mm Canon 1.8 (equivalent of 80mm on 35mm camera) the depth of focus is inches. That's not much to work with.Also, the 'smart' 8 point focus tends to fail for me. I got much better results when I switched to a single focus point and started using focus lock.Lastly, the default built-in flash settings favors an odd combination of flash and long exposures (so one gets the background exposed) along with wide open lens and ISO 400 sensitivity (to reduce power drain?). Bad choices for most of us.You can fix the flash behavior. Read the manual carefully, there's an esoteric setting that fixes the shutter speed to 1/200 sec with Av flash pictures. Use that setting and use Aperture priority for flash images, set your lens to f 4 or better, ISO to 200 and you can expect sharp flash pictures.I think this is a solid camera, despite the annoying rattle in the flash unit "arms". I think we'll eventually move beyond SLR technology, but for now the power consumption of these larger more light efficient sensors requires that they be embedded in an SLR body.
I dont know if they have something against real two button mice or what, but please, this one is just horrible. Its tricky to get the right click to work. You have to press in just the right place or it doesnt work. The little microscopic ball thats suppose to be the scroll wheel isnt doing much for me either. I work a lot with my hands so they are pretty rough. A lot of time when I roll my finger across the ball to scroll, my finger rolls across it but the ball doesnt move. Just buy a good two button mouse and you will be better off. Please try again apple, I hope the second attempt is the charm.
I have a two computers hooked up to my home network. A PC and a Mac. I have had a couple different routers before and this one was the easiest to set up router I have ever used. The routers interface is simply easy to understand and a lot of the configuration is automatic. Plug in your devices, turn it on and it knows what to do with them. Super pleased with my experience and recommend this to anyone.
I've been using this printer for more than 3 months and so far haven't had any issues with it. It's very easy to install and use.If you are using a network connection and software doesn't detect scanner, then you need to setup printer network configuration manually. Don't use default "auto" setting, instead enter your network parameters, including network speed and duplex.Printer does curl paper, but very slightly. It hasn't been a problem even when printing 100 of pages. Paper jams or overlow are very rare. Automatic feeder works without problems with 20-24 lb common stock. The manual feeder is very poorly designed, the printouts often come out skewed. Otherwise it's a very solid and very inexpensive device. In my estimates printed page costs about 1.8 cents (at current toner prices), or about 2.5 cents when drum replacement cost is taken into account.So far I've been using the starter cartridge rated at 1500 pages. The printer showed the first "end of life" message after about 1550 pages. After shaking and reinserting the same cartridge twice I've been able to print another 170 pages.Printer is pretty fast, just a few seconds warmup time, and print speed is pretty much in accordance with the spec. Regarding the noise level -- it's just everage, like most other printers in $200 range.
I really liked the design of the flash drive. Complete rubber outside in which the flash drive slides into the center. Completely protected on the sides against impact. The large loop means it wont break off on your keychain unlike many other keychain style flash drives. My problem is that when retrieving large files off it many times the files would state they are corrupt. Even though the original file was fine. This only happened when I transfered files on this flash drive. All other flash drives I have are fine. Smaller files work fine. Tried reformatting it but to no good.If the drive isnt reliable its serves as no use to me. Maybe I just got a lemon drive. You may have better results.
This is what you would expect from a good cable, it just works without any issues. Cable looks durable, good looking, easy to attach. The thickness is average for HDMI and DVI cables.I used this cable to connect the second DVI monitor to HDMI output of an AMD graphic card. That worked without problems. The cable is shorter than a typical DVI cable, it's only 4 feet, so measure before buying.
Update: The manual focus ring has a tricky behavior -- at one point I thought it was broken and called Canon tech support. If you turn past the 'stops' at either end (infinity and closest) it keeps sliding. Basically the ring is simply a rubber sliding strip that's read by a sensor; it's not the direct mechanical interface geezers like me recall. So what appears to be a defect is not.With ongoing use I'm more annoyed by the bulk of this lens. If at all possibly I recommend weighting for a lens designed for the APS sized sensor, not a lens like this that's built for a full frame sensor. It's a nuisance to pay the "full frame tax" of excess bulk on a lens that one would prefer to use quite often.I bought this for my birthday and I'm happy with it. So why the snarky seeming title? It's because about 30% of this lens is wasted for most dSLR users. I knew that when I bought it, but I was tired of waiting for a better solution. If you are able to wait until Feb 2007 it might be worth sitting things out.-- ORIGINAL --For the good news see all the other reviews. The one thing I'll add is that you need to think about when and how to use the image stabilization. Unlike IS products that sacrifice pixel resolution, this is an optico-mechanical solution, a spinning lens -- presumably in air or magnetic bearings. Move the camera slightly, the lens remains immobile.If you remember your physics, you can think of times when this won't work. If the camera is accelerating or decelerating too much, the lens will bounce around -- blurring the image. Point the camera straight down or straight up and the bearings may not suffice. Rapidly panning to track a nearby fast moving object may not work. The manual says you should press the button and wait 1 SECOND before shooting. That's conservative (it takes probably 1/5 second) but it's a good guideline. If you need to do rapid panning, use a tripod and turn off the IS (it should never be used if you're on a tripod). If you're focusing on your daughter 100 yards away dribbling a soccer ball you should be ok -- as long as she's not rocketing along. It works quite well indoors and I don't notice it blocking the flash on my Rebel XT.Now the wasted bit. This lens is made for a full-frame 35 mm size sensor -- the kind that's on Canon's higher end pro digital dSLR and their legacy film camera. The APS sized sensor on almost all of Canon's popular dSLRs (and ALL of Nikon's dSLRs for that matter) is 2/3 of the size of a 35mm sensor. So about 1/3 of the light output of this lens is scattered about the innards of the camera.The result is a magnification effect and wasted glass. The magnification effect is not all bad. A "normal" lens for a Rebel XT is about 32mm, so this is basically a normal to zoomy lens. Pretty much the range I wanted. The wasted glass means the lens is 1/3 heavier and bigger than it should be, and the scattered light is sometimes said to cause image degradation (I wouldn't notice).The lens most of us really want is a 28-200mm IS USM Zoom built for an APS sensor for under $500. In other words, the next version of this lens. It would weigh about the same and have about the same f stop and size, but it would have 50% more magnification at the top end. That lens is not available for Canon cameras from any manufacturer. Alas, Nikon has committed to APS sized sensors fully so they DO make something like that.Canon will eventually crack and make the lens we want, or someone else will. So you can try waiting them out. In the meantime, this is a very nice lens and if you're a Canon amateur it's likely a quite good choice. Be prepared, however, to sell it for half-price next year and buy a new one ...
i own these as well as Gemini's 20 watt speakers, which are very similar to Ion but are 20 watts instead of 5. I have to say, Ion's 5 watt speakers sound way better and def overpower my Gemini speakers. Strange how 5 watts can sound louder then 20, but okay whatever... Ion has more bass to it then the Gemini ones do too...I don't usually trust brands i never really heard of like Ion, but i needed a cheap pair of starter monitor/speakers (that were powered)... and these did the job well. Great for starting out or recording.If i had to do it all over again, i'd get them again.
1. RF out does not work. Had to connect TV to S-video.2. It would record for a while, then fail and render the blank DVD unusable.3. If you leave the machine recording on a blank, when it reaches the end, instead of stopping, it renders the DVD unusable.4. Machine crashed numerous times, necessitating pulling the plug out and putting it back in to get it back.5. Finally got a short show recorded and finalized. It would not play on a Pioneer Elite DVD player, although DVD-R's created with a panasonic DVD recorder worked fine on the Pioneer.6. I wish these DVD makers would add a PS/2 keyboard jack on the front, as their remotes are painfully impractical at inputting text.I'm very disappointed. Box is headed back to the vendor tomorrow.
This memory card handles the job really well. Unless maybe you're a professional sports photographer, it's plenty fast enough. No problems using it with my Canon Rebel XT. It holds about 550 pictures (JPEGs) at the highest resolution (8.2 MP).
We've figured out how to make switches, so it's no surprise this one just works. There's no fumbling with crossover cables, uplink connections, etc. My Mac shows up as a gigabit connection, my older devices as 100 MB.The device is compact, low lying and feels very solid. Fanless and draws only 12V and 1A -- it runs cool and needs little power. The power adapter is relatively compact and fits well on the average power strip, using up only a single slot. It's slotted to mount in several orientations and comes with an external ground for a rack mount.It's a good choice for someone who wants something a cut above the usual consumer grade switch.
Normally, I don't, and until recently, it doesn't seem that Nikon has awakened to the fact that back-side sensors make sense!If you don't have a back-side sensor, and you don't want to hassle with getting in front of the camera...also, if you care about decisive moments, get a corded electronic release.One of these came with my first Nikon DSLR, and I've used it five time in six years. I wouldn't have paid for one.
This was my first Toshiba product ever. And I am most satisfied with it.I saw that Toshiba was one of the developers of the DVD and it shows with their fine players.This player is excellent. Great video with progressive scanning, incredible sound with very realistic surround sound effect, well laid-out, ergonomically designed remote control, and solid craftsmanship on the player.Probably the best thing about this player and all Toshiba's is their ability to ZOOM on a picture. I have a standard TV and I get really annoyed when DVD's are only made for widescreen. And with my old player I would only see half the screen and get those annoying black lines at the top and bottom of the screen.No more. This player has a zoom that eliminates that problem, and now I get the whole picture.Furthermore, now I can finally see why DVD is so much better than video.Toshiba does not have the name like SONY and Yamaha, but their products are fantastic and a lot less money. This unit is [$$$]less than a comparable SONY (which does not even offer a ZOOM feature)Buy this DVD, it maybe the best player on the market with no exceptions!
The fax machine is quick at printing out receiving faxes. However it is rather slow in faxing out documents. I feel I should have bought the Canon faxphone L80 which is 33.6khz versus the Panasonic at 14.4Khz.Also the pages often get jammed in the machine which is not something you want to see in a $200 fax machine.
I've been struggling to like this kb for about a year, but I've finally ordered a MacAlly replacement. It's a funny kb with a spongy feeling and close-spaced keys. I'm not that picky about kbs -- I use about 7 regularly, and only this one drives me bats. My old iBook kb and my new MacBook kb are both far more comfortable for me.It's all personal. This one makes my hands ache. On the bright side it's clean looking, stylish, and compact. I just wish I liked it!The USB ports are 1.x and won't charge anything over 100 mA btw. Still, they'll work on a mouse just fine.
OK THIS WORKED FOR ME FOR THE H02 ERROR, September 6, 2002Reviewer: SILVERSVT26 (see more about me) from OklahomaAfter 1yr and 2months of use I got the h02 error and no matter what I tried it wouldn't work. So I took off the case spun the plastic gear on top of the eject tray. I also turned the plastic gears inside of the tray. Then I opended the tray and inserted a DVD. Just as soon as the machine took the DVD in and closed i pushed down on the center of the plastic wheel on top of the tray and spun it. The DVD player picked up on the spin I gave it and began accelerating and has worked ever since.Just thought I would share with everyone and see if it works for you.Jason--Good grief, I got the H02 error as well just over a year and 3 months, and with the tips above, I was able to fix the darn thing... Thanks to the reviewer Jason above, he's a genuius!! FYI, this is a pretty good player all and all... it's quiet and responsive.Update 09/30/2002: I take the above comment back... It's still dead... no can do... Got a Sony now. 'nough said! :o)
Plug it into your Mac, select it as the input source in the Sound preference pane, and use your preferred application to record from your audio source. It's that simple. The audio quality is good, but this is not a substitute for a recording studio. Let's be honest: if you are purchasing this to record your old cassette tapes for your iPod, your audio source is going to cause more noise and distortion than this device. Set your expectations appropriately.
For some reason Canon has not gotten with the program. Brother, HP and most of the other companies realize that a lot of people have home networks, and as a result people do not want an old-fashioned printer that needs an expensive print server to setup.It would be nice if Canon got this message as well since this printer is no good for networks when for the same price I can get an HP that does everything the MP830 does and can work wirelessly over a network. Also this Canon eats ink. If you plan on getting it you better get ready for frequent store runs.
Got this radar detector and had high hopes for it in light of the price and all the hype.Unfortunately in my first week I got a nasty speeding ticket. The officer had a laser gun and it didn't warn me until it was right in front of me. With this kind of protection who needs protection at all?Sure the slim unit looks great, and I like the talking radar but at the end of the day don't you buy this to avoid tickets? My friend swears by his Valentine, which looks ugly, but really who cares about the looks of a radar detector.
Do not buy this printer!!!! This printer will not accept ANY generic ink, it will only accept ORIGINAL EPSON INK. This refers to the Model Epson Stylus Photo R260 made after May of 2007. How low can a company go by doing this? Oh i forgot, it's Epson. I have researched this & thousands have had the same complaint. This printer eats up ink like crazy also!! Any chance it gets to clean it self, initialize etc it will do & in doing so it eats up the ink like crazy. When i purchased this brand new printer (approx 2 weeks ago) i installed all new FULL ink cartridges (not the free ones you get in the box) & the ink is already gone, i have not printed any big projects or such, just regular use & this is how i am repaid for putting faith in Epson. NEVER will i buy ANYTHING Epson again & i will make sure i tell the world about this through my 20 year entertainment magazine. In the past Epson has had law suits for scamming customers & have lost their court cases due to ink scams & such & you would think they would learn. Epson is the worst company i have EVER had the displeasure of dealing with. DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER OR ANY OTHER EPSON PRODUCTS!!!!!!! If you do, then don't say i didn't tell you so.
I found creating a playlist for music a hassle. You would have to use a music program to create it (e.g. Windows Media Player), but takes steps to create it and transfer to the Garmin. Why doesn't Garmin give free user-friendly music program specifically for their device? I like using spiral frog and it won't allow you to transfer to the Garmin device. Spiral frog limits devices that will transfer their music to brand devices (Garmin is not one of them). The MSN Direct Receiver worked once and after that it died. It would only show traffic info. ONLY and antenna stopped working for all other contents. I had to return it to Garmin Corp. and ship for $8 to receive a new one from them. So basically it was an additional cost for that receiver. Overall a nice device for my husband (he's not into gadgets, but I think this might be helpful for him somewhere/sometime). I have the Nuvi 760 that works w/ MSN fine. As of 2009, Spiral Frog website no longer exist - something about them not able to pay their lender money back for setting up Spiral Frog business.
Blasphemous as it may sound to the Apple worshipers of the world, iRiver has created a portable entertainment device that trumps the iPod. It has a slick design; the sound quality is superb; it's easy to use; it's got a nicely sized color screen for watching video, viewing digital photos, or reading text files; and it even comes with some Flash games. Also it has a longer battery life (25 hours) than either the iPod Nano or the fifth-gen Apple iPod.The only drawback it has, in my mind: I'd like to have more than 4GB of memory. I can certainly see myself wanting to put video on it for longer trips.
The Celestron microscope is a great little tool, usually I have to go into the clean room to view a package under one of our optical microscopes, now I can do it at my desk. It's well worth the small cost!.
He had no trouble putting it on his new zune and the picture is unaffected. Great deal.
We bought this to replace our old machine which is only one year old but when the controller got crunched it became useless. This cost less than a new controller and works great.
I bought this disk in January 2009. It sat in the box until June 2009. It got very light use for three months and then sat unused until June 2010. After one week the system wouldn't boot. I am now running CheckDisk. The file check routine has had to repair hundreds of files. Luckily, the files are all backed up.
This is a cheap lightweight substitute made to sell at a low price point. I would gladly pay $20 for ONE of the original weighty styli that came with my TX.
I have had mine for about a year and a half now. It is reliably unreliable. There are bad sectors on the drive (apparently of Hitachi manufacture), which are uncorrectable and often result in unrecoverable data. The drive seems to panic unpredictably during data transfers (clicks, thrashes, locks up my computer for minutes at a time or until I reboot it), even when it is fully powered up and has been connected to the power cable for hours. This is the least reliable hard drive I've ever seen.I bought it because it was supposed to be easier to see this drive in Linux than the Creative or Apple MP3 players. I also liked the idea that you can download the open-source Rockbox software to improve the functionality of the player. I wish now that I had just paid the premium for a better designed product. The factors on which I based my purchasing decision are moot if the product itself doesn't work for squat. I'm staying away from Archos from now on and hoping I don't get burned the next time I pick an MP3 player.
I bought this to be able to use the HDMI outputs on various newer computers (Raspberry Pi and Asus laptop) with the DVI input of my older Dell monitor. It works as expected and the price is excellent. The only warning I would offer is that, because it flares out to accommodate a DVI cable, it made the adjacent USB 3.0 port on my laptop inaccessible. Be sure you will not have any adjacent ports blocked if you plan on using this converter.
I purchased these speakers from a e-retailer, and Athena Technologies refused to service them. Their customer support couldn't be any worse. Now I am stuck with a worthless defective speaker!
Than virtually all other cheaper adapters. Those tend to have transformer deaths quite often and with overheating. Conversely this type is more reliable and perhaps lower fire risk.
I have an old favorite Plantronics over-the-ear headset with the tube mic. I have used it with work phones for over 15 years. It was always my standby. Then I starting working where I need to use Google Talk for phone. I tried 4 different bluetooth headsets, and the outgoing sound quality was poor on all of them. No saying it's the headset at fault, but for me with my wireless network the connection was suboptimal. My boss sent me a Plantronics over the head style, USB wired headset. The sound quality was great afterwards, but the thing hurt my head because it put too much pressure on my eyeglasses. I started looking for something else, and stumbled on this adapter, which allows me to use my old favorite headset with the quick disconnect. I am now a happy camper, no longer completely leashed to my desk. Could only be better if it were completely wireless. Considering I'd spent and wasted over $200 on non-working solutions, this is the best $35 I've spent.
This is an incredible machine . . . awesome picture quality . . . when I purchased it two years ago the only reviews were positive . . . we put this in in our cabin so it didn't get much use . . . with less than 100 hours of use, the picture would go blank and we would have to turn the power off and turn it back on several times in order for it to finally stay on . . . . it's still that way and Panasonic has not been very easy to deal with . . . totally unfair for them not to replace this problem on a new machine.
Product was delivered quickly and in brand new condition (no marks, no scuffs, no prints - it's always a little scary to try to buy something from someone unknown). I was pleasantly surprised and am buying a couple more lenses from this company.
Solid build; easy to hook up - thanks to some viewer pics & easy to follow instructions. Came packaged in original packing. Pulled it out, plugged it in, connected the cables and viola - missing cable channels now come in just fine. Doesn't make the picture worse; no visible noise; A+. Thanks Amazon. (there are multichannel boosters available too)
This purchase was for a second identical unit that I could carry with me during the day. Weather can change rapidly here in Eastern North Carolina. This Oregon Portable Weather Radio has great reviews. I personally give these radios high marks for there service and durability. However, my radio was defective upon arrival. Amazon.com true to their policy shipped me another unit and prepaid for the original unit to be returned to them. I am very pleased with their customer service.
Sony typically makes good products. I had been searching for an inexpensive headphones set for my workout at the YMCA. I purchased this because it was inexpensive, made by Sony, and designed for workouts. Okay, the headphones lasted about one month before the sound became scratchy and I couldn't hear the sound out of one ear. Apparently the sweat or moisture has dripped down into the earpiece. Returning it to amazon.com is not an option at this point but I can certainly return it to Sony for a replacement under their 90 day warranty. You get what you pay for even applies to the most reputable companies. The cost of the headphones has increased by shipping costs to Sony plus my initial investment of $13.99. Apparently these headphones while designed for workouts require more care than anticipated.
For the price, these open air headphones beat all others in terms of frequency respone, harmonic distortion and deep base response.I put them through a torture test last night with all types of rock music and they were awesome.Even at loud volumes it was difficult to detect distortion.I had heard distortion with Beck's "Black Tambourine" on a pair of in-ear phones which I own. I thought it was due to the ++base on my mp3's equalizer but no-- it was the in-ear phones. "Black Tambourine" played beautifully, without any detectable distortion.So, if you feel claustrophobic and all closed in with sound isolater headphones, then these are for you.They do not block external sound and they also have a comfy fit to them. They fold up and have a carrying case which takes somepractice to get them in. All in all,a great buy.
I installed this unit in a custom computer I recently built and it failed miserably. As mentioned by others, the instellation is a bit of a pain, but not really technically challenging. The instructions are vague, but if you can't figure them out, you probably shouldn't be opening the case on your computer. The problems were twofold, first, every time I plugged in the USB connecter Windows 7 would not start. The computer just locked-up on the boot screen. I tried every USB 2 connecter on my computer. Front, back and on the motherboard, nothing changed. Also, the display never activated. The backlight was on, but the display was blank. Not helping either of these problems, the Mfg. support site is a nightmare!! Granted, I may have received one of those "occassional" duds that shouldn't get through an effective QA program. But, due in large part to the worthless web support, I wasted about 80 hours on this hunk of junk. I'll not repeat that experience - 1 star for aggrivation, poor QA and NO support.
Update January, 2008.As I note in some of the commentary, things can change a lot in two years. It's entirely possible that the "same product" that I had such bad experience with two years ago, is actually very different today. While I avoid TDK products because they burned me with poor quality, users seeking cost-effective and reliable media would probably be better off giving more weight to more recent reviews (which might better reflect whatever they are currently putting in this package) and/or a site that tracks media quality, such as http://www.digitalfaq.com/media/dvdmedia.htm (although they don't seem to be updating that one any more), where among many other details you can find that TDK-branded packages have included media actually manufactured by TDK, CMC, Moser Baer, and Philips.My original review follows. FYI, I have no interest in TDK or any other media mfr other than as a user.------------------------These disks are not made by TDK (they only make -R type) they are rebranded trash from CMC. I had 15% with obvious, naked-eye visible defects (delaminations and voids in the dye layer) and for the "good" ones needed to burn at a sluggish 4X to get a decent quality of burn. Having burned more than 1000 disks using various brands, I assure you - these are not a bargain, they are garbage. Unless, of course, you burn at slow speeds and don't ever use the outer 20% of a disk.UPDATE [late 2006]: I have been re-reviewing the burn quality of the disks that I did use. I am now finding hundreds of thousands of parity errors on every TDK disk (vs a typical 2 to 4 thousand on good disks e.g. Sony). THESE ARE WITHOUT DOUBT THE WORST DVD MEDIA I HAVE EVER USED. ANYONE WHO ENTRUSTS THEIR DATA TO THIS GARBAGE IS DOOMED TO DISASTER IF THEY EXPECT TO BE ABLE TO READ THE DATA IN AS LITTLE AS A YEAR OR TWO.
It is amazing how cable costs vary. I was concerned but this is a case where the costs were attractive and the quality was better than I expected.
The Tascam MPGT1 Portable MP3 Guitar Trainer does what it is supposed to do very, very well. Perfect for practicing alone with just headphones, or plugged into a mini stereo system. The sound effects are extensive. Effects built into the Tascam MPGT1 include: distortion. overdrive, compression, flanger, phaser, exciter, chorus, tremolo, vibrato, auto-wah, pitch shifter, reverb and delay. With just a few twirls of the dial you can be a fuzz bending shredding guitar hero, an easy going slick jazz smoothy or a twanging country picker. There are multiple levels of each effect and multiple combinations of different effect profiles.The tempo control is extremely useful, as it allows a player to slow a track down in increments, while maintaining the pitch -- the accompanying instruments like horns, and vocals, can drop to woozy weirdness though. The various other functions all work well. The looping feature is easy to use and very useful for repeating riffs and runs. The "Guitar Cancel" effect however is somewhat hit or miss, and the description of it somewhat misleading, although it can somewhat suppress the lead guitar on many tracks.File transfer could not be easier. The unit connects to your computer via a USB cable, and appears as a disk drive on your system. Transferring MP3 files to the unit is just a matter of dragging and dropping. User manuals in PDF format, in multiple languages, are also on the unit and can be accessed from your computer.The only area where the Tascam MPGT1 can be faulted is in its form factor and size. Be prepared, when buying one, to find yourself the owner of something that looks like a mid 1990s artifact from a garage sale. The thing is about as big as two cigarette packs, with a small, stone age LCD text display, really retro slider switches and buttons, and a small chunky dial wheel for navigating menus. The whole thing is wrapped in a package that, aesthetically, looks like it might have been designed by IBM about 1985.All the functions of the unit could probably have been folded into something the size of an iPod Nano, or even just the much larger standard iPod, which is about a third the size of the Tascam MPGT1. It's kind of amazing to see such a hulking piece of "small" electronics in this day and age. This is definitely not a shirt pocket device, unless you're wearing cargo pants. Considering the bulk, Tascam might have supplied a belt clip.Another area is the battery. The unit uses a built in, rechargeable lithium battery. A power supply is not supplied. You are required to charge the device by hooking it up to a computer, with the supplied USB cable, or buy a power adapter. Not to worry, the unit can be charged with any 5V iPod or cell phone type charger that uses a USB connection.This is a great tool for anyone learning and practicing electric guitar. It could be smaller, sleeker, and cooler. For the price charged, which isn't cheap, it absolutely should come supplied with a power adapter. All in all a unique and extremely useful device.
Just installed one of these in my Saturn today. This adapter (which is made in the US) worked great....it's pretty sturdy, and it fit the car just fine. I've read about flimsiness issues with other, less expensive brands of adapters, so spend the extra few bucks and buy this one.
Every SanDisk USB thumb drive I've purchased has been a winner. I've never had any problems with this USB flash drive compared to others that start acting up.
If you're looking for radio that is independent of the Internet ie solely battery powered, this is a great choice. Sound is good even with the headphones that accompany the radio but would obviously be enhanced by better quality. Excellent value.
I wanted to use my nice Gateway keyboard, with a PS2 plug, with my Dell desktop, with only USB ports. I hooked the two devices up with the Sabrent PS2 / USB adaptor, booted up the Dell, and immediately got WinXP recognizing a `new device'. My first few keystrokes with MS Word were a bit odd, showing up in purple font, but then they turned to black and from then on, all was good.I did have trouble with the PS2 attachment working loose when shoving my PC back into its slot under my desk, with all the other wires and cables dangling from the back of my desktop tangling up and pulling one way or the other. So if you try the adaptor out and it's not working well, make sure you've got it securely attached to either port.
I don't know what life one is entitled to expect but this battery was bought in March and has died in November. We don't use this 'phone much.
I am not pleased with this purchase. The only nice thing I can say about this monitor is that; the fit and finish are super. Controls are great and the OSD is great. UI is intuitive effecient.My complaints are the backlight dims midscreen, there is a rippling shimmer at all resolutions/refresh, the overall brightness is lacking and color syncing to any other monitor is nearly impossible. Colors cannot be set to an accurate representation...period. If you have low expectations and just want an affordable widescreen this would be a good choice. If you need a bright monitor with accurate color display, I would recommend a pass.
When I first got these headphones, I was simply amazed by the incredible standard of sound quality that was dispalyed. In fact, I started taking these headphones along with my Walkman everywhere I went - and I've pretty much have been doing so for the past seven months... until now.A short time ago, the sound started breaking up, and the things that I was listening to suddenly started to sound incredibly muffled.It was at this stage that I realised that the actual adaptor part of the jack had started to break up &amp; fall apart, revealing the internal wires that were connected to the headphone plug.The only conclusion I could come to was that the headphones had deteriorated from overuse, but I expected a bit more from a Sony product.Thank goodness there was a 365 day warrantee on these headphones. I took them back to the shop and was told that this model is now discontinued. The shop then gave me a refund to buy a new set of heaphones.I think the design of these headphones is great, but I was dissapointed with the level of fragility - especially from a Sony product.
When it works, it works great. When it doesn't work you pull your hair out troubleshooting. Non-USB KVM switches do not have the myriad of conflicts/compatibility issues that USB switches have. Personally, I have hooked this device to four different systems and it worked smoothly on only one of them.After a ton of online research I found that the nVidia chipset USB seems to have trouble with the ATEN/IOGear line of KVM switches. The small benefit of USB KVMs does not outweigh their inherent burdens.
This lens is more compact than I had even hoped. It makes my Rebel XTi more travel friendly. Once in awhile I wish that I had a zoom on there but mostly its the right lens for most everything I need my camera for. I personally think this lens is an essential lens. I wish other lens' I have bought in the past were so satisfying.
These cables are a bit cheezy. They work fine but most electronics you buy throw in higher quality wiring than this. As with a lot of factory cables, they hotmelt the plastic over the RCA plugs. This is mostly good but quality control on mine must have blinked because I had a big air bubble exposing the center wire on one end of six. I just put a glob of silicone in the hole and used it anyway.
This was a good purchase. I am pleased with the layout and materials of this bag. It seems all storage options I needed for my Rebel XTi and related accessories has been well thought out and included in a great design. Padding is ample and everything works as described. Top quality zippers and stitching. I wish the zippers had a bit more protection from rain but a plastic bag solves the problem handily.
If you print high quality pictures, you can't get by without Canon ink with your Canon printer. Generic ink and refill schemes just suck every time. Buy what you need without regret. Not cheap. Not very much ink in the cartidge but it works well and looks great.
AMD did a great job and I really enjoy my M2 CPU. I had a flawless install and it just zooms. Sure there are faster CPUs but the price and speed just makes it that much sweeter. I do have a certain amount of brand loyalty but AMD has consistently given me what I needed for a price I could afford for many years.
This is the last epson I will have die on me, never again after the fourth one was only a month old and on its first ink change.What happens:You run out of ink and replace a cartridge. This causes a nozzle cleaning cycle to run. Nozzles that were working FINE before are now CLOGGED because epson cant figure out how to purge their ink properly. They get gummed up.Epson's solution? Run another cleaning cycle - which makes the problem WORSE! They can only be fixed by a technician via complicated disassembly that costs more in labor than the darned printer is worth.This is my second dead epson in one month. They print amazing when they print right but that isn't often enough for the price.Never again, Epson...never again.
Very stable ram. Very happy with the purchase. Agood and no bad to report.
I use this KVM switch to switch between two workstations. It does the job painlessly. There is no science involved in setting it up and it is software or manually controlled. I have really enjoyed this purchase.
As fast as it needs to be for my Mp3 player and cheap enough to own several. I have nothing but praise for this memory. I am pleased with this purchase.
I got this for my Pioneer Elite 60". Works perfectly, and was easy to install.
Just didn't work. Wouldn't work with several devices. Deader than Abraham Lincoln. Not worth a huge hassle of exchange. Kingston memory quality varies. It's a roll of the dice.
I had to return it, the sound was so poor compared to an old one I had for 10+ years.
When I compare this to my Gen 5 Apple ipod that recently died, I really like archos 605 a lot better. The touch screen works well with fingers or stylus and the operation is intuitive and easy to figure out. The money I saved from Amazon was staggering. On Jan 1 it was a deal of the day at $150. This is good because that $50 I saved will be used to buy the rest of the apps I need to do anything else other than music.This thing has a lot of promise....after you buy a 30 Euro web browser and a 19 Euro set of movie codecs. There are the docking stations and chargers etc. It seems that archos wants your money and are willing to pretty much con you into buying something that can do a lot of things AFTER you finish paying for those things. I wouldn't have paid $200 plus for this as is. It will be worth $200 maybe after I have full functionality. Might also mention that the apps are only available from the Archos store. They don't take paypal or Amex. The 49.97 Euro charge for the two apps converted to $68.37 USD.
I've used several different brands on motion detectors in the past, and this one I like best so far. No false alarms yet (using for about a month), and its raange is farther (didn't measure, but well over 100').
I thought I could drill and fill without ink everywhere. No such luck. After the first fill, I have a hole in the cartridge, so smooth sailing. Lots of ink for low price.
I got mine for $54 and I have to say Amazon got it to me in record time. Out of the box they are not really impressive. Included with the Skymaster is a Tripod mount, rubber "slip on" lens covers, a cheesy little neck strap and a velcroed bag with a pretty good strap on it.First impressions are good. I am pleased with the sharpness although it never quite gets razor sharp like my camera lenses but still, for the money, this is an excellent pair of beater binoculars. I bought these to use for a spotting scope for range shooting. The Tripod mount is a bit wobbly and annoying for the constant jiggling while you try to use "hands free" but for the price, this is the best deal on amazon.
I bought this particular DVR as a gift for my fiance. We were excited about the possibilities of watching shows on our own time and burning DVDs of our old homemade video tapes. We'd heard some stories about TiVo starting to erase programs from people's hard drives, so the TVGuide system seemed like a good option and free to boot.Unfortunately, we never got to enjoy our DVR. I set it up as instructed when it arrived. (You may want to note that setting it up for cable requires purchasing an extra set of A/V jacks.) We left it for 24 hours. Turned it on, and the guide informed us that "the search for data has failed." I did what I figured was the sensible thing; I called customer service. Little did I realize this would only make matters worse.Everything people have said here about problems with Panasonic customer support is true. Wait times range from 20 minutes to an hour, and first you have to go through an automated system which - through the wonders of voice recognition technology - will probably take you to a different menu every time you call. I was told to connect the machine in a way that left my cable unable to work at all until I put it back as it had been. I was given case numbers that, when I gave them to someone else next time around, made them think I was calling about a phone. I dealt with a person who couldn't seem to take down any number I gave her correctly. I was sent to the Panasonic website to find a download which I could not locate. When I told the rep it wasn't showing up, she had me navigate to the exact same page through the exact same links again. The worst part was when I finally asked to speak to a supervisor who knew the machine well. I was told someone like that would be in at 10 the next day and would call me. I waited FOUR HOURS to account for the fact that I didn't know what time zone they were in. No one called. When I finally called them and asked again for a supervisor's help, I was told "Oh, supervisors don't do tech support."The last I heard from Panasonic, they were sending my information to TV Guide and expected them to get back to me in a day or two. That was several days ago, even accounting for weekends and the holiday. TV Guide does not have any customer support number for their DVR guide service on their website and the number for them which Panasonic gave me just connects me with a recording. I have come the conclusion that no one will be calling me back.To be fair, I tested out the recording to the hard drive and DVD and that seems to work fine. I could just keep the thing as a simple DVD recorder, I bought it so they I could both burn DVDs and record programs without having to sit there and press record myself. What I can do with the machine now is not what I paid for and Panasonic tech support was disappointing, to say the least. So the DMR-EH50S is being returned and Panasonic is no longer getting my business. Your results may well vary and if you're one of the happy people who actually gets the TV Guide to work exactly as it's supposed to, you have my congratulations. Just keep in mind that if you should have any problems with the machine, Panasonic tech support is probably not going to be able to help you.
I always used to love Sony products, but this walkman adapter is the worst product I ever had to use. My first one broke after a couple of months, and thought it was the daily wear and tear, so its perfectly understandable. So got another. 2ns one broke after a couple of months, and finally the 3 rd one within a year, self-destructed inside my player. Yes I know, you probably thinking it was my player, but I took it to the sound shop and they looked at it and found no problems. So hopefully this review reaches people, and shows are bad sony's quality control has become. For myself, I have resorted to the speaker phone of my phone until I can purchase a new unit with AUX IN, from the money i save from not buying anymore adapters.
Anything from GE is of exceptional quality. I have tired other cables from other companies and the copper wiring at the end always gets bent and broken off from heat. But I have not have any similar experience with a GE cable. The packaging of this cable was very protective.
after going through 6 of these I checked my counter and averaged them, 6953 pages each! actually it is a bit higher considering that is including the toner that comes with it. Note I am using the block-the-low-toner-sensor-with-black-tape trick. Also, I switched to non-oem toner carts and haven't noticed any problems, just a savings of about $30 each.
Just buy it. The specs are awesome. I added it to this el cheapo $25 boxNew Single Car Truck Wedge Black Subwoofer Box Sealed Enclosure for 8" Woofer 8Fand was AMAZED.I could go on and on but this speaker is sooo sensitive you don't need a lot of power. In fact, high wattage subs can handle higher watts but designing them to do so makes them much much less efficient! How efficient is this JBL sub? In car, you will get 99dB with one watt! adding 100 watts adds another 20db for 119db, adding 200 watts will bump that up to 122db!Just get it already. It looks awesome, it sounds awesome, is easy to power and at .3 cubic foot recommended volume takes up hardly any space.Thank you JBL!
I've had the same pair for 5 years. Here is all you need to know...1. They are durable.-I put them in my backpack with huge math books every day for school.-I have spilled coffee on them.-I have kicked them, and pulled on the cord with my feet by accident.-My fat friend stepped on them.-They have dealt with volume spikes and loud sounds.After all of this they look and work perfect.2. They sound great!-I own a pair of 8" studio monitors, professional stuff. These don't sound quite as accurate, but I still choose UR20's over my monitors a lot of the time, and enjoy the UR20's immensely.They are durable and sound great, what more could you want? :DPlease rate this review as helpful, otherwise, leave a comment letting me know how my review could have been more helpful. Thank you!
I read all the reviews with all the complaints, There is a hiss, there is a squeel, they broke. I paid no attention. What a fool.First-there is a hiss, almost continuosly,unless you get into that perfect sweet spot(almost never). Even when standing right next to the receiver-still hiss. Not a big problem when listening to music or a movie with a lot of sound, but in silent spots its a little annoying.Second-when there is heavy bass,mainly in surround sound mode, you will hear a slight high frequency sound(especially in low rumbles). Still not that big of a deal.Third complaint-they broke. I threw this off as the owner mishandled them or let their kids play with them. I was wrong. After hearing the compliant I took extra care to be very gentle with them. Didn't work. And alas for some unknown reason, did not fit on my head one day. Confused, I took them off finding the left ear piece was broken. BROKEN! I had them for a week. Used them not even every day (max may 1.5 hours once). I was extra careful to handle them gently and still.Move away slowly. NO RUN!! RUN!!!
nobody makes mp3 type players with the quality Apple does, save your money and get an iPod.
It does exactly what it says it does (thus 5 stars) but IMO get a Nano instead as it's only slightly more expensive, has many more features yet still gives you the same shuffle feature.This is a great answer for your parents or grandparents though who want to listen to music while they take their morning jog or walk though because it really is easy to use.
Was looking forward to these headphones and now I have to return them. The left side doesn't work at all so you don't get any stereo kind of performance. What a disappointment!
I bought this thing to go with my new DECT 6.0 Panasonic cordless phone. It's a very simple headset and works fine. So far it's seemed reasonably durable. Not much to say -- simple, cheap product that works good and appears to last.
I have a pair of the HS500 and wanted a second set to keep in my truck. They sound great for the money and the cord strain relief works well. I have had my set for years and they were an impulse buy to replace standard ipod earbuds. I want to get headphones shipped from Amazon for the free shipping so I tried the Philips HS520 recently since the HS500 was not available. The frequency range it identical but the Philips HS520 speaker is actually 1mm smaller. The HS500 sound great and you can flex the band out a bit with your hands to relax the fit. -Update, I have both side by side and the HS500 sounds better than the HS520.
Feels like it's made of cardboard? Nonsense!! The structure is made of very rigid plastic panels covered with some kind of synthetic material that is textured to - - supposedly - - look like the surface of the camera. The camera barely fits into the case - - but this is a good thing, because it keeps the small size of the camera intact. Overpriced? All of Sony's accessories are always overpriced; get over it. If you buy this camera - - which I recommend - - then you need this case.
This is a nice little kit for a decent price. I purchased a tripod and tripod bag and decided to snag this kit due to the included pouch. I keep this kit in my tripod bag since there is no room in my compact camera bag.
Bought these and took the time to get the wax out of my ears (no kidding -- try it). Plugged them into an A/V system with an exceptional headphone amplifier. I'm impressed -- overall very well balanced with exceptional clarity and dynamic range! Bass is natural, not thumping, not boosted as in many headphones (an equalizer fixes this for those so inclined). Like a good pair of cans they require a break-in period.A good fit is the single most important factor in getting full balanced sound reproduction. This took me an hour or so and at first I was very disappointed. If you can't attain a proper fit, they are tinny, have no bass, and sound flat.They demand high quality source material and a high quality headphone amp to perform. I listen to classical music in lossless digital formats and these are my first buds which reproduce the realworld background rustling sounds of the orchestra and the sound of sheet music pages being turned on quiet passages -- a sign of excellent dynamic range. Can't get much closer to a live performance than this.On my iPod, with its average amp, listening to a wide variety of music, and using lossy compression (iTunes 128K -- yuk!), I believe these buds are overkill. They sound only slightly better and, on some music, definitely worse than less expensive and less finicky buds. In fact, I use Sony or Apple buds with my iPod because they appear better tuned to these devices.In summary, I find these buds excellent for their intended purpose. Perhaps Shure overhypes them for use on portable systems and on compressed digital source material. I clearly see where some folks would find them unsuitable, especially if they can't get a proper, comfortable fit.
I bought this product for my Mom for Christmas, loaded the itunes software, registered the product, got it all set up, but couldn't get the songs to load on to the ipod. Tried everything I could think of. I own my own 30gb ipod it works fine and was easy to set up and transfer songs to. I wasted my entire Christmas trying to get this piece of junk to work, but it won't. Thanks a lot Apple.
Very well made leather case which fit my Nuvi 270 perfectly. I used this extensively during a recent trip and the case helped protect the Nuvi against scratches, dings, dents, and weather (though not waterproof). A very good way to protect your Nuvi investment. Does exactly what it advertises to do.
i paid $48 and free shipping. Mount came brand new, and holds up my 20 inch monitor easily. Looks great and solid in the corner of my room. GREAT BUY!
nice. i have it in my family room. Broadcasts throughout house just fine. Only trouble was initially setting it up... fix just required a reset. Overall, i'd buy again.
This smartcard reader worked perfectly in a Lenovo Thinkpad T40 under Windows XP Pro and now in a new Lenovo Thinkpad X220 running Windows 7 Pro. We use this device to access our DoD email accounts which require authentication through the use of insertable I.D. cards called Common Access Cards (CACs). Initial expresscard reader setup required some specific software setting adjustments in Windows 7 (which can be found online) before the laptop would recognize it. This was required before the government approved software was loaded to read the encrypted I.D. card. Loading of this government approved software went well but required following instructions precisely. This is perfect little reader for our purpose and I highly recommend it.
Since the minute that I decided I wanted to be a screenwriter, I've carried my laptop with me almost everywhere: to the office, on trips, you name it. I've gone through three laptops in the last five years, and it seems like I've burnt through at least ten bags.I've had my Targus CityGear for almost a year now, and it's weathered so well, it almost looks brand new. The strap - usually the first thing to go on my bags - is comfortably padded and still as sturdy as the day I clipped it on. The bag itself is comfy to carry, roomy, and light (about 3 or 4 lbs. empty), until you start adding equipment, books and the usual filler. There's plenty of space for all that as well - there's probably enough room in the three major compartments that you could even pack a change of clothes and toiletries, and still have room for all of your other gear.The removeable cell phone case is a nice touch, but has a tendency to get tangled with the shoulder strap because of the position it's mounted. The bag itself doesn't open up to use as a desktop, and the pockets are not exactly cord-friendly. But those are small gripes. Most importantly to me, my computer fits snugly and safely in the middle of the pack, with thick enough padding to keep my precious safe from all the bashing around I tend to give it.All in all, a pretty nice computer case for a pretty decent price. It won't dazzle the neighbors or co-workers like an expensive leather case, but who cares? For practical purposes, this version of the Targus CityGear fits my needs to a T.
After nearly giving up on this item while trying to use it on Windows Live Messenger, I decoded a problem that many others seem to have had--the error message "You have another process/camera program running. Turn it off..."I knew I didn't have another camera program running but after three hours of installing and un-installing, I was ready to throw in the towel. My wife opened up the Windows Live "tools" pull down and went to "Audio and video options." I went through that one more time and then realized that I had missed the most important one! The very last tab that asks what video camera you are using to run Windows Live Messenger.After that pulldown was a choice of 4 things that I never heard of and one choice of the VX 6000 camera. I selected that and my problem was solved. But you won't find this easily, if at all. When I went online with the error message on Yahoo! Search no one had an answer. And on Google Search the answer was in the first choice, [...]! That's the one my wife took me to when she solved the problem.After this long drawn out review the reader may still want to know about the camera and microphone--they are recommended highly. The only problem I had and the reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that the built in microphone doesn't screen out the sounds of the computer in the background. It sounds like a helicopter is landing in my office. But the visual is very good and comes with a multitude of settings for its high-resolution picture. I like the fact that it works well in low light, has no flicker, and finds your movie editing software after you record a video. You can also use it to snap pictures and send them in email, as well as the videos. Good luck! And I see it's now $[...] cheaper than when I bought it!Addendum: My complaint about the motorboating (helicopter) sound in the background was solved by moving the webcam to a level spot on my desk instead of on top of my monitor. The buzzing has completely stopped and now I would give the unit 5 stars. It performs exactly as advertised.
So glad you can still buy a tape recorder!!! They will eventually become obsolete like VCRs, so I'm glad I got my hands on this. Thank you Fisher Price for still making them!Recorder has been dropped many, many, many times... still plays perfectly, without a scratch on the plastic. Adjustable volume, cute voice wharping, and best of all - you can not only play tapes but record! My 3-1/2 year old is having the time of her life.I highly recommend purchasing this recorder and a package of blank tapes the next time you have to buy a birthday gift for a 3-8 year old.
Koss Is a real classy organization! Not only have I just bought the best headphones I have ever heard they are right now fixing my porta pro headphones just for the price of shipping!This is my 4th set of Koss. the first were the earlier version of this and the second were an open air model that I eventually stepped on and broke..too bad.The next were my Porta Pro'sMy only complaint is that I have had a sore neck lately and these are kind of heavy so when i got them today my neck still hurts.
I loved my e-machine! Until 26 months later it died. An online search found that many others had the same problem: Power Supply FAILURE. I never had a problem with the computer till now. I thought it was wonderful. The problem is, when the cheap PS dies it also kills your motherboard and you are dead in the water. According to those who have tried to replace the MB, you can not just buy an MB and hope that does the trick. Microsoft sees the new MB as a new computer and the restore disk (that has all your operating software on it)which came with your emachine, will not work with the new board, so you have to spend another $100 or so for that. By the time you get it all you could probably have an HP that I am told is much more reliable...(?)Take heed to this WARNING. And those who already have an e-machine: spend $40 or $50 and replace that cheap "Bestec" PS before you have to spend hundreds on a new computer.learning the hard way,joyfulsongster
I have had my RX 4109 for two days now and I have to say that I am very very impressed with everything Sherwood makes! I grew up with one as a kid in the late 60's to late 70's and ours was a stellar performer. Now I have an 8600 from 1966 and a new RX 4109. I had to get a new receiver because my vintage Marantz kept going on the fritz and since i have never had a single problem with any other Sherwood receivers I have owned I started some research. I read all the reviews I could and for what I do this is the ticket! it is simple but powerful enough to drive My Acoustic Research bookshelf speakers. The sound is very clean and uncolored. At first I thought well the Marantz has a warmer sound but then I realized that is what tone controls are for. you can get this just as warm but you can also have it flat as can be. Right on Sherwood!
This is about the most perfect GPS ever made. I tried to replace it recently, but I couldn't find a newer model that offers what this model does. It's small, light, waterproof, and cheap. It also gives me a 10000-point tracklog and is easy to use.Maps are something you should buy on paper because paper will still work if you are out of AAA batteries.The downside is that this thing really needs a place to attach a lanyard. Beyond that, this is a great GPS. I've had mine for over four years now.
Having tried another unsatisfactory brand of microphone for my computer, I talked with my grandson about it and he recommended Logitech for "anything." I had inadvertently forgotten to order an internal mic for my computer last summer - although I have the webcam, which works just fine - I was stuck needing a mic to webcam with my clients. I enthusiastically recommend this instrument. It is simple to install, use, and is unobtrusive.
Cheap made in China JUNK! Buy USA. This broke 2 days after I got it. JUNK JUNK JUNK JNUK JUNK!
We bought this tv after much debate over plasma or DLP and went to several stores comparing this tv to the Samsung 67" 1080. The value of this tv for its quality can't be beat. I give it 4 stars because we had to return our first tv because it literally would not power on after having the tv in our home for 1 week. One minor drawback (And I do mean minor) to this tv is the time it takes to power up. Apparently this is due to the digital connection starting up. I don't know if this is because of our cable provider or this is the situation with all HD tv's. All in all, it's a great tv, a great price, the picture can't be beat, even the Samsung picture is not as good.
I bought two of these, they both failed. I sent them in under warrantee. They were returned to me "reconditioned" - and still with the same problem.
I've got about 10 print servers on our Unix network and 3 of them are these little boxes. I've had no problems using them with laser printers, dot matrix and barcode printers.
This is a pretty good wire, thinner than I thought but worked well with my Home Theater system..
I received these today after getting tired of listening to the speakers attached to my flat screen monitor. I have a pair of Creative at work which sound great and wanted to give these a try. They do sound good and they sure do look sharp sitting on the desk. Not sure yet if I'm fond of the volume control on the right speaker though. The treble and bass control on the sub is a little bit diffucult too because it sits behind my computer desk on the floor. Who's actually going to put the sub on the top of their desk? So, if I need to adjust the sub Iwill have to pull the whole desk out. Adjust it once, that's all, and the sub doesn't turn off. I will say the mid-range does lack a little, but for the price you can't have everything. Who would've thought that you could get this much sound from these tiny speakers anyway. If you want something small for your desktop then these are the ticket. Just play around with the graphic equalizer if you have one in your media player to get the sound that best fits you.
This receiver has been on a 20' center console boat for several years. After being trailered for thousands of miles in Baja, Mexico, and pounded in saltwater (well, not IN saltwater, but by the waves against the hull), it has held up well. It is exposed during winter rains, except for a leaky tarp thrown over the console. I particularly like the rotating volume control knob, which allows me to turn down the volume instantly without fumbling for the right button to push.It supplies plenty of volume to drive two large waterproof speakers and hear over the engine at full throttle. The iPod port works fine and is very handy. The unit is wired for an electronic mute switch (for some archaic hard-mounted cell phones) and I tried to wire that to an on/off switch, but the documentation is poor and I never got it to work. That would be nice when the VHF radio is calling, or there is some chaos on the boat like a marlin on the hook.Overall, I am quite surprised it has been this durable.
Pop it in and go. I installed it a few months ago and haven't had any problems at all.
Take my advice, bite the bullet and pay for a second phone line. This sytem is a piece of junk. I tried to install the system a dozen times with no success. And yes, I closely followed every step in the directions. I called RCA for help and learned that &quot;environmental factors&quot; may be causing the system to not function properly. These environmental factors could be flourescent or halogen lighting and surge protectors. Well, I have a big flourescent light in my kitchen and live in a new house where all my outlets are &quot;protected&quot;. They should put this info on the outside of the box. UGH...what a waste of time and money.
I am a pro wedding photographer. I've had a pair of these since 2006 and could not be happier. I did quite a bit of research, not just online, but in the field. I rented various models of pro offerings from Canon and Nikon. I attended "rep" days at my local camera store so I could grill the Nikon and Canon reps for answers to the questions that were not covered in the marketing materials or online reviews. I wanted a professional camera set up, but ended up with the pro-sumer 5D from Canon. Here are the factors that finally made my decision;1)Performance:It must possess a fast enough ISO to capture clean low light images.It must have enough processor mettle to keep up with fast paced shooting. Any processor lag is not acceptable.It must produce file quality and size that delivers professional quality images to my clients.It must be durable enough to withstand the inherent bumps, dust and inclement weather I encounter during the course of a wedding.It must work perfectly with professional quality lenses, flashes and batteries.2)Size/WeightI have small hands and not a huge amount of forearm strength. I needed an ergonomic set-up that I could carry continuously for 8-10 hours without needing to take up a special exercise routine that would give me Pop-eye arms.Granted, there were "better" cameras, but they were weighed down with additional features that I didn't want or need. I needed a lighter camera with standard and well placed controls that I can change and adapt from moment to moment without needing to scroll through lots of options. My biggest complaint about the 5D was the lack of weather seals and dust management, but these issues turned out to be minor. I don't change lenses that often and I clean the sensors before every job. This has kept the dust to a minimum.Overall, I have been very satisfied with the 5D and would not hesitate to recommend it to sports and wedding photographers. It is a fast and lightweight camera that produces nice large image files.
Before I purchased my first flat screen LCD TV I did a LOT of research and compairsion. My decision came down to familarity of the Toshiba brand (my prior TV) and price. The quality of the picture is totally amazing - crisp, clear, sharp - it's everything you would expect. Now I'm going back and really enjoying old DVD's because the picture is SO much better than before. From box to picture took about 10 mintues - I opted for the stand mount (a nice feacture of the stand allows you to attach the stand to the surface to avoid tipping.) Instalation was simple and staightforward - but it does pay to go through the book throughly to understand the numerous features of the unit. Overall - I'm thrilled with the tv - and an added bonus of going back to Toshiba again - none of my other remotes (universal and cable) had to be reprogrammed!
I've tried this mouse with a few computers, and it always has disconnection problems. I'm not sure if this is endemic to the model, or I just got unlucky and bought a bad one, but I thought it would at least be useful for me to add my experience to the pool of feedback.Having said that, when it actually works, it's a beautiful product. Very solid feel, and very precise control.
I wish I hadn't bought this unit. I didn't do my research and now I'm paying the price. Often I must put the DVD in twice to get it to run. I've learned that if the DVD doesn't play, take it out and put it in again. I tried the tape-to-DVD burn feature (looked simple) and somehow recorded a TV station instead. So I will have to re-read the instructions and try again. One other thing to consider before buying...this piece of electronics has the loooongest startup time I have ever encountered. I could start my car and drive a block by the time this unit has turned on and is ready to accept a tape or a disc. How could electronics be so slow?
I was a bit apprehensive getting this piece for a Sony CD Walkman 'cause the walkman's manual said to use antoher piece and nothing else. But the piece they demand is not available in the US, so what options did I have? I got this one. And I'm glad to report that it works just fine for playing CDs and listening to FM radio. On AM radio, however, it stinks, it injects a sort of low-rumble hum. You can still hear speech, but it's annoying. So don't buy it if you're into AM radio. I don't care for AM one bit so it's fine for me. The piece is well built, with a sturdy cable; folding blade is nice for travel (not that I care). UNLESS you're into AM radio, it's five stars.PS. Btw, if you don't care about the folding blade, there's aregular versionof this adapter that you might prefer (I certainly would have had I found it here when I bought this one: it didn't pop up in the search here; I found it via google; makes sense 'cause this one's more expensive).PPS: Added on 10/24/2011, just an update on durability, since I see comments that this thing dies after a while: in my case, it didn't die. You can see that I had bought it over two and a half years ago, and it spent most of this time plugged into the wall, either idle, or running CDs or FM radio. No problems whatsover. So it _is_ durable, in my experience at least.
I bought this cable but it refused to plug into my Samsung and Pioneer equipment. When I forced it to connect with them anyway, it killed itself in shame. So I ordered a replacement, but instead of plugging it into inferior devices I plugged it into my Apple Powerbook. There was a brief shudder in the room and a wormhole formed where my bedroom wall had been. Unfortunately, the nascent event horizon killed my cat, leaving her head here and her body on Abidos. Then Amanda Tapping stepped through the wormhole and zatted me as punishment for driving the first cable to an untimely death. She told me that she had created these cables in collaboration with the replicators. It has a naquda core and a neutronium nanite shield. It was originally intended for use in Merlin's anti-Ori weapon, but the series was coming to an end, Tapping had blown all of her income on hair extensions, and Denon made her a very generous offer for her patent on the technology. Unfortunately, Denon's accounting department realized that they had to price the cable at a point that would allow them to recoup this investment on the sale of only a few hundred cables worldwide, hence the steep price.
It's true that this is about half the price of the Canon battery. But when you consider that it's less than half the life, it's not really much of a deal. There is a great difference in battery quality among brands, as manufacturers can use less material to get a battery that holds less charge at a lower price. Some of these batteries come from disreputable Chinese sources, and they don't get even remotely near their rated storage capacity. It's an easy game to play given that most people don't have a rigorous way to test capacity. (It's also a little suspicious when the product literature and the battery case list a different capacity, but not surprising given that they are just making this all up.) I've tested off-brand batteries that were supposed to hold 900 mAh and only held 400 mAh. My guess is this battery would test similarly far off from its rated spec given how often I have to charge this.
I bought these for use with my HP DVD740e Lightscribe DVD burner. The device would not write to them. Not one of them! I have never had this problem when using similar blanks with HP and Verbatim labels. The Memorex blanks I had were made by CMC Magnetics. What a waste.FYI - Windows users can get a small -- but distinct -- increase in label darkness with the use of a free utility found on LightScribe's site. It increases the contrast. "Best" quality labels do take longer to create.I guess Amazon does not allow web addresses. If you want the utility, search for "Lightscribe Exstended Label Contrast Utility" without the quotes. Or you can take a big guess at the name of a commercial site devoted to LightScribe.
I've always been in love with sennheiser, until this. Great bass sound, but terrible tremble and midrange qualities. Absolute dirt.
Wish they'd let you test drive these things, but in a nutshell: tomtom One is easy and smart and will get the dumbest village idiot to where (we're) going. It works in the car or on foot and gently recalculates when I've tried to screw it up by going in an opposing direction. I've yet to download the optional voices but Mr. T is an absolute for me. The add-on extras will trick this out, but for just keeping on track, it is easy to see and easy to use, period.Wait until you hear the voices that you can add: too funny! Dennis Hopper, Burt Reynolds, John Cleese!
I ordered this for my son's birthday. We went to use them and there seemed to be a short in the volume control. We were able to use them but just had to fiddle with the control to get it to come in both ears.I called the customer service listed on the warranty and they sent me out a new pair right away. No problems. I also like the headphones. I have a small head and they fit perfectly for me too.Update on 2/22/11: Still work great. Love these headphones!
...I own many Panasonic products (answering machines, portaphones, cellphone) and have been pleased with the consistently high quality, design and longetivity of their products. However, I am disappointed with this product -- some minor annoyances like no tape/DVD counter/timer, complex 50+ button remote, BUT the darn thing doesn't accept all the VCR tapes -- it just rejects some (which play fine in other VCRs), not others. DVD works fine; good quality. EASY set-up; finished in less than 5 minutes. Display is skimpy on info.
This is my first GPS unit. Having used and loved the Magellan units in Hertz rental cars, I watched and waited for prices to go down below the $1k mark. These are my first impressions:The 2730 worked right out of the box -- I just plugged the power cable into the cig lighter, removed the 2730's snap-on screen protector, slid the unit into the weighted base, placed it on the dashboard and powered it up. In spite of the car being parked in the shadow of a 10-story high-rise, the unit quickly locked onto multiple satellites and gave an accurate location textual and graphical readout.The included manual could be better organized and have more detailed explanations, but the 2730's front panel button controls are fairly intuitive for basic tasks. Menu navigation is easy. (Note, I did download and skim the manual from Amazon before purchasing the unit. I suggest you do the same.) Haven't used the included remote control yet, and at first glance there may not be much need for it.The screen is a bit small (for my middle-aged eyes), but once you learn its layout, a quick glance at appropriate spots on the screen gives you useful reference data: next turn instruction (text), distance to next waypoint (number), speed, ETA, etc. Within the menus the display and choices of data can be modified.With my wife driving, I entered our travel destination in Tribeca -- lower Manhattan / NYC (40+ miles away). Using the touchscreen was easy and intuitive. The unit's routing calculation was fairly quick. However, we checked the traffic report (on the old fashioned AM radio news station!) and found that the 2730's selected route would take us down the FDR drive which had some congestion. Moreover, the FDR is on the East side, whereas our destination is closer to the West side. The 2730 couldn't be faulted for the congestion, but the East side routing seemed strange. We started off by followed the unit's initial routing instructions (to stay on I-95 south), but soon veered off onto familiar local parkways which we knew would take us over towards the West side of NYC. As soon as we got off-course, the Garmin quickly recalculated, and anticipated the route we intended (which turned out to be a tad longer -- perhaps why it was not chosen in the first place).The speaker volume (with clearly-spoken instructions) was adjustable to suit our car's noisy interior. Driving down the West Side Highway, the 2730 did not give us sufficient SPOKEN warning to prepare for an upcoming left turn -- however, the left turn instruction was clearly laid out in text on the screen. I got the impression at that particular point that our physical location was a few 100 feet ahead of the GPS coordinates (perhaps due to limited GPS reception from our location in NYCity).I am sure there is much more to discover about the 2730 (I haven't tried Points Of Interest or the XM Satellite radio options). After the first trip, I would say I like the unit, find it to be very high-quality, and sold in a convenient bundle with all of the accessories needed (at least those that are apparent now). Some critiques are that the 2730:1) screen is small2) is very expensive3) no internal battery for portable operation (needs to be plugged in to 12v source)4) instruction manual has extremely limited information. Lots of hidden functionality i.e. difficult to find out how to input locations without a specific address (to mark, name and save a current location -- like a camping spot -- in memory).Bottom line is if you can spend $800 - $1k, it's a very good GPS bundle. (Note: as of 2007, price is about half!)ADDENDUM from Trips 2 and 3 (commuting to and from work):The routing software chose the fastest, most direct route, using a combination of highway and back roads -- impressive and efficient. The map accuracy is very good, except for a few quirks like calling a company campus entrance road an "alley."Mounting on the dashboard is good for a heads-up navigation display. The beanbag-style weighted portable base is suitably heavy, BUT the unit can go flying off the dashboard during a sharp turn.Turning on the WAAS function (for more accurate location reading) significantly slows down initial satellite capture.The trip computer offers lots of functionality as well sa quantitative and predictive data.2007: I still use the unit regularly, find it useful and reliable, although a bit bigger and bulkier thatn some of the newer Garmins (but with smaller screens).Telephone support by Garmin has been very good.Have not used the XM Radio option for traffic -- have not heard that traffic info in the NY Metro area is sufficiently real-time or comprehensive.
I bought this one because it seemed like the best value for the money. But in the end I was pretty disappointed with it. I would have thought that Toshiba was a dependable quality product but I was wrong. I ended up returning this player because it kept freezing up. It wouldn't respond to anything, even the off button, and I kept having to unplug the darn thing and plug it in to get it back to normal again. It would do this with both DVD's and CD's. This gets to be a pain in the butt when your entertainment centre weighs a couple hundred pounds and the plug is way back there behind it. I was also disappointed with the random feature. You could play 5 CD's at random but it had to be 2 songs from each CD before it would randomly pick the next. Why 2 songs? I wanted random, not pairs. Otherwise, it seemed to have great picture, but even the cheapest DVD players have great picture. I'm not sure which brand I'll move onto but I think I'll pay a bit more this time.
I had these but didn't use them because I could turn my tv sound up loud enough to hear by. Then one day my neighbor said that my TV was so loud they had trouble sleeping. So I started using these and what a world of difference they made! I have hearing aids, but with these I don't have to wear them because the sound is adjustable loud enough for me.For those who say it is not loud:There are two dials on the left earphone. The top one is Volume, the bottom one is Tuning. Turn the "tuning" dial until you get a loud clear signal, then the headset WILL be loud enough for you. If it is not tuned in exactly, you WILL hear it, but the volume will not be anything like it could be and you might not even get stereo. So, take the time to tune the bottom dial first. If you think it is not working on your set, Tune the bottom dial first to get a signal, then decide if it works or not.I love these!!
Needed a quick and easy way to relocate our CEO's home wireless router - didn't want to step into a hornet's nest of trying to run Ethernet cabling through his house. Decided to give this product a go.Out of the box, into the wall jack simple. Yeah - of course there are throughput issues, and yeah, if you live in an apartment complex, you might want to dig a little deeper into the documentation to encrypt your traffic - but for a super easy LAN bridge from one room to another - oh man - technology has never been so easy.Truly "plug & play" :-)
these clear screen savers are worth every penny, you may not think that your finger tips will scratch the screen, but when you have to replace the screen down the road because of the fine scratches you will wish you had taken my word for it.
Of course, there is a design weakness in these speakers, probably worthy of a Class Action Suit against Klipsch. I've had two system failures in two years, similar to the many other reviews here. I've already paid for one round of repairs. Contacts with Klipsch take a lot of time and get no where unless you are willing to pay them to repair a problem apparently endemic to the design.
UGH! We purchased this item in December, and it was defective. We had to go through Philips directly to get a replacement, and it has been a NIGHTMARE.First you have to call Philips and get a case# assigned to you. Then, AT YOUR OWN EXPENSE, you have to FedEx the unit back to them in Arkansas (and get insurance on it, too). Then you don't hear back from them, and have to call constantly to track them down. Don't even bother trying to fax them because their fax number never picks up.They received my defective unit on Jan. 21st--I have the FedEx tracking number to prove it--but they still haven't updated their records to reflect that. They said it takes 10 full business days to hit their records, and then another 5 to 10 business days after that for me to get my replacement unit. Meanwhile, I have nothing from them in writing that says they will replace my unit in that time frame...I have to "trust them" that it will show up on my case# eventually. In the meantime, I have endured the inconvenience and expense, and will not receive a replacement until a full month after I returned it.I will never purchase another Philips product again!
At first I was delighted with this unit's easy set-up, smart appearance, intelligent design and functionality, and high-quality sound. However, I soon discovered that it won't perform the main function for which I bought it: converting old personal analog cassette recordings into digital format(s).To be fair, the unit does in fact "rip" (convert) a cassette recording and saves it as a digital file on the SD memory card. But the resulting recording is formatted as a proprietary ".SA1" type file, which apparently is .AAC plus a layer of Panasonic's DRM security. The main problem is that .SA1 files are NOT recognized by typical audio software (iTunes, MediaPlayer, etc.), and a web search for conversion utilities turned up nothing. Panasonic includes their own "Jukebox" software, which doesn't help. This set-up works well if all one wants is to transfer audio files to and from the included tiny, stylish and cool Panasonic SD-SV90 player (noting the lack of ID3 tagging). But the inability to move audio files from the SD card to one's PC, and convert them to .aac or .mp3 formats for easy playback on other media (i.e. CDs, iPods or MP3 players), etc.) is a fatal flaw for my needs.For the extra cost of this unit, I expected a lot more flexibility with the SD recording function, but it seems like DRM (Digital Rights Management) limitations won out over user functionality. For the record, all my cassettes are personal recordings, not commercial music -- so there's no reason for DRM to limit my digital conversion. The other functions all seem very good, but sadly this system is going back for a refund, to be replaced by a less-costly stero without the crippled SD-recording function.Great idea, poor execution.
I've owned two of these cases. I bought 1 in 2006 for my SD630 and I bought one last week for my SD870IS.Both cases are essentially the same except for the 2006 case being equipped with velcro closure and the newer one with a snap closure.The velcro closure, if it makes contact with the original gray Canon wrist strap, will eat it up. It will fray it until it looks so unsightly that it either breaks or you need to buy a new one.Thankfully they redesigned it to include a snap closure which has two benefits. First, it doesn't destroy your wrist strap and secondly, it makes opening the case less noisy...much less noisy. Just imagine opening your camera case in Church.As far as fit goes, this is not really a custom case as it is designed to fit an array of SD models. I thought the case was a little larger than the SD630 but fits rather well with the SD870IS...albeit slightly too snug.I prefer buying Canon accessories with Canon cameras so this was a no-brainer purchase over off brands.Avoid the leather wrist strap that comes with the case. It has a metal Canon emblem that will scratch the body of your camera when it rubs against it. For some odd reason, Canon paints the front of their cameras. They (most all of them) are not solid metal bodies rather they are painted plastic. If the black wrist strap flails around, it will put nicks and scratches in the body that you cannot remove. It's strange that Sony and Nikon do not have this problem.Invisible Shield used to make body shield films that would combat this problem but I don't think they make them for this particular model. I know they have one for the SD630.All in all, great case, but be sure you are getting the button closure one.
I'm surprised that Sony is the maker of this product.They have always had high-quality products in my experience.The sound is very low quality, even compared to a cheappair of standard over-the-ear headphones from Phillipsor Koss.I've tried all the different adaptor/ear-piece sizes,and find it impossible to get any bass sound unlessI hold the earphones with my fingers in a very veryspecific position and remain motionless. And eventhen the bass is weak.The phones do not stay in place with any body motion, theycome off easily while jogging or moving of the head in anysignificant way. Any moisture in the ear just makes theearphones slide right out the ears, and the over-the-ear clipdoes nothing to keep them in place.And this is not from a lack of trying or lack of experienceon my part. I've checked with my friends who own otherin-the-ear-phones and they also cannot get a comfortableand secure fit or a good sound response from these phones.But since I'm past the 30 days I cannot return this item,a waste of my money.I recommend the old-fashioned headphones instead of thesein-the-ear ones.
Let me get this off my chest first: I like Netgear products a lot. I also see that other reviewers seem to like this printserver, so take their experiences into consideration as well.I have experienced many irritating problems with this printserver since buying it. Printing complex PDF files to my laser printer is a lost cause- three or four pages will print and then I'll get an error. After this happens the print server locks up and needs a reboot (often my computer also needs a reboot to print again- I think there might be a problem with their printer driver as well). I've called tech support and tried replacement units to no avail. I am inspired to write this review because of a problem I'm currently having- I just tried printing a simple document from WordPad and the printer driver insists there is another job waiting on the printer (there isn't).My overall recommendation is to buy Netgear products but avoid this printserver.
I've owned many Sony electronics in the past and have always liked their styling and functionality -- lots of hardy Walkmen, useful shortwave and portable radios, stylish TVs and high quality cassette recorders. I still have a Sony mini component stereo model FH-E656 (made in Japan) which I bought in 1992 for US$400+; but rather than pay to fix its worn-out CD player, I decided to purchase this new Sony MHCEC70 component stereo (made in China).PLUSES:decent soundgood functionalityeasy set-up and intuitive operationsimple remote -- but only covers basic functionsCONS:CD changer jammed after 6 months of light usevery short speaker leadsunattractive styling (for my tastes) -- resembles a boomboxonly holds 3 CDs vs 5 for comparable Panasonic unitsAt first glance, I was disappointed by the cheap construction, skimpy manual and very short speaker leads -- the manufacturer seemed to be counting pennies. But then I thought: in 2006 for $150, I can't expect the same quality as I received in 1992 for $400. Everything is made more cheaply now and almost all in China. So, for the money, it suits my purposes as a nice sounding stereo unit for the bedroom. The real test will be how long the CD changer works -- to be safe, this time I bought the 2 year replacement warranty. I haven't blasted it at full volume, but it seems to have plenty of power when needed.I originally bought a $300 Panasonic unit (SC-PM71SD MP3 SD Micro System) which was returned because it didn't have the full data recording feature as advertised (data recording was crippled by DRM limitations). This Sony stereo costs half as much, and has almost all the same playback functionality.ADDENDUM Feb '07: as appended to the Cons above, the CD player changer jammed/failed (in middle of playing a disk, the LCD suddenly displayed"MECH(anical) ERROR." Although Sony online help offers a reset option: "Disconnect/reconnect AC Power. Press and hold the STOP button, DISPLAY, and DISC 1, and then turn on the unit") this did not resolve it, so the unit had to be shipped back to Sony service. It's under warranty, and I was pleasantly surprised by the quick and professional turnaround after repair! My CDs which were stuck inside were carefully packed and returned. For the initial contact, Sony Online chat support was HORRENDOUS! Probably machine responses or multitasking sleepy outsourced helpdesk. But the phone support from the Texas repair center was professional and good.Wow, I miss the old, perhaps overpriced Sony quality. What a shame.
Tiny but efficient! Works quickly and has been reliable as well. Very inexpensive too.
The "bumps" in the ink mentioned in the previous reviewer's friend's i950 were from using incompatible paper, not the printer itself (I know this the hard way)--if not that, then a setting was wrong, but Canon settings are so easy that it's probably not that. There should be no ink pooling or imperfection whatsoever if both the user & printer are functioning properly. Further testament is that the i950 & newer i960 have exactly the same printing mechanism, so there should be no difference in print quality. 3rd-party papers which work great in one printer may work horribly in another, & vice versa. Use Canon products & get consistent great results, or do your homework; I actually exchanged a Canon printer because of ink pooling on a particular 3rd-party paper which worked great in my Epson, not realizing the mistake was mine.I do agree with the previous reviewer's decision to buy bulk ink & refill for medium & heavy users. There is a particular 3rd-party ink mfr which is best for Canon; I may or may not be allowed to say it here, but it can be found in archived newsgroup posts (i.e. google groups) if you search. You can also search which are the best 3rd-party papers, too. There are a number of good paper brands, but I would only recommend one 3rd-party mfr of ink, often sold under 4th-party rebranding. Otherwise, OEM Ink will cost about as much as paper in photo printing (yikes!).If you want consistent great results with no homework, stick with OEM Canon stuff, but if you print a lot, judiciously-selected 3rd-party products results can be awesome, low-cost, and you really feel like you are getting away with something. When you see prints coming out of your own printer which are actually BETTER than your local "Mart" photo printing (be it 1-hour or 3-day), the enthusiasm bubbles. Plus, the degree of control you have doesn't have a price. The "Mart" places artificially jack up the color saturation for a "vivid" effect; with home printing, esp with the very easy Canon drivers, it becomes your choice. Power-user driver features are unintimidating and easily-available. Canon does FAR better on drivers than Epson! The other included softwares range from extremely useful to embarrassingly pathetic.Updates/differences in the i960 vs i950: the i960 has the manual 4x6 paper tray, 2 USB ports, an updated PictBridge standard, different cosmetics, and a driver which permits viewing print details in Print Preview (which most wouldn't care about, but is the only thing I miss in my own i950). I see too many newbies looking for a printer with an LCD and I wince when I see that. Direct printing to me is a gimmick and I'm glad to not pay extra for an LCD.Canon is the way to go in printers; the closest competitor is Epson, and having owned 4 Epsons and now 1 Canon, I have given away (2) or thrown away (2) all my Epsons, no kidding, and will never go back. Canon cartridges are also TTBOMK the easiest to refill. Canons are quieter, too (extremely quiet). Canon will eventually bring their 7- or 8-color widebody printer mechanism (i960 has 6) to the consumer market, but quality is starting to increase with diminishing returns. Even if you upgrade, your ink will still be useful; they have recently been adding extra colors but have kept the original BCI-6 colors/tanks the same.My own tests show that this printer prints at LEAST at 20 Megapixel resolution on 8.5x11 paper. Print a 5-Megapixel photo on a quarter-8.5x11-sheet and you will notice that every single detail visible on your monitor will be visible on the print (both may require magnification).I did an OEM fade test, and in 6+ months of bright indirect sunlight, I see no fading of the ink, and the back of the paper is slightly yellowed (noticeable side-by-side), being exposed to air & pollutants, not under glass (which is why you put prints under glass). PPP is not as "white" as cheaper papers--that's a good thing, as those brighteners break down & yellow even faster. Still, a wet chem print will be more resilient over years of exposure.The i960's price is a little above half what I paid for the i950, which even then was a good deal for what it did. You now truly can have photolab quality prints (I mean good photolab quality, not those cheap laser-exposed prints most of us [used to] get) in your home for a great price, and IMO the new low cost makes people not appreciate how special a piece of hardware this is.Before you go figuring out price per print, something which may surprise you is the amount of FUN you will (hopefully) have which adds to the value, as does the privacy & immediacy. Prints can be much cheaper than wet chem (depending), but you will spend far more in updating your digital camera, as that is where technology really lags behind. 5 MP prints do 8.5x11 with no visible pixellation, but as I said, the printer is at least capable of 20 MP resolution, something most won't have for years.Despite the absence of a "light black" color, you can also get better-than-potolab results in B&W;, too, with the added advantage of being able to control tone. Professional digital headshots can print in "actual" pro quality or better with top paper, so the printer can actually pay for itself for models & actors. No one will notice a difference, except that they're better, and there's no paper branding on the back.Printing text on plain paper is good, but not quite like a laser (you have to look up close to see). This is due to the paper & ink, not the printer's ability to do "letter" quality or real straight lines, which it truly can on the right (i.e. photo) paper. Though quality paper helps greatly, toner doesn't seep into plain paper the way ink does, and it is beyond me why they include a plain paper black (pigment) cartridge in the i8x0 series and not in the more-expensive i9x0, which only has dye ink. I have not compared the i860's text printing. For light text duty, the i960 does well, but serious text printers will need a fast laser printer or perhaps ironically an i860, which also does great photo prints--I couldn't tell i8/960 samples apart in a store with poor lighting. Canon will mail you a sample from each upon request; request the same image for both.Canon is also the least money-grubbing of the printer makers: first to come out with separate ink tanks, not making refill-proof designs, better cost per print. The good karma flows beautifully into every other superior aspect of Canon printers, gaining my patronage & word of mouth.I have done mad amounts of research, as you may tell, and this is the one to go with. There is little reason to wait for a more-refined printer, and even when there is one, it will be a Canon.
I didn't have the problem others seem to have had with this router. I had it up and running (both wired and wirelessly) in only a few minutes using their web controls. And it's fast. My problem is with its wireless reliability. If I do large file copies or downloads over the wireless link, the router will suddenly stop speaking to my laptop. My laptop can *see* the router, but the router won't allow me to connect. Powercycling the router fixes the problem immediately, or I can wait an hour or so and things usually work again just fine. The same thing happens with my wife's laptop.Another problem I've found is that if you disable SSID broadcasts, your laptop won't find it. For security reasons, I always disable this. Our laptops have never had an issue finding previous Linksys routers we've used when the broadcasts are off, but for some reason this particular router doesn't do well. I've played with the beacon settings and timings to no avail. As with all Linksys products (and almost all tech products in general these days), calling or emailing support gets you nowhere.Linksys hasn't released an upgrade for my version of the router (1.1) since I bought it. You'd think they'd have a bugfix release, but no. There's no support from them at all. If you're using it for simple general home use (and not planning on any heavy duty data transfers), this router will probably be OK. But if you want a reliable router that doesn't drop the ball when you use it, look elsewhere.
...like everything else Apple develops. This is simply the best MP3 player out there. One reviewer (and only one) suggested it sounded horrible. I submit, judging by the comments, the user is probably using 48k MP3s ;) The sound of my 128K (or higher) MP3s is nothing short of incredible. Another reviewer stated this was the best MP3 player a Mac user could own. Although I feel sorry for peecee users there is some relief here: There is free software out there that allows a peecee to use an iPod. But Windoze owners beware: you won't find the familiar crashes or confusing interfaces that you are accustomed to. What you will find is an MP3 so simple to use that the instruction manual was a brochure! And I was using the device intuitively w/o the manual. And if you think the iPod is easy to use and elegant, try a Mac with OS X!!!
I've owned this Ramsey transmitter (bought it assembled) for several years and never had a problem with it. Occasionally I have to apply some WD-40 to lubricate the telescoping antenna so it won't bind. I use this transmitter with an iPod to broadcast recorded books / podcasts while I exercise on the weekends. Strong signal, easy management to set the frequency, overall good quality. Note this runs on 110 Volts AC power, so the transmitted signal is much more powerful than the battery-powered or car transmitters; but the trade-off is it's not portable. 5 stars (for the original price -- US $100)
Although the construction is on the flimsy side, this charger works wonderfully. It charges 2 batteries quickly, and the indicator light tells you when they are ready. The plug folds into the unit, making it easy to pack in a briefcase or suitcase.
I wanted to find a place to trash this product and after some months I have finally found it. Don't buy this piece of poorly designed, cheap, pathetic excuse for a (. . .)device.First of all I got this thing because I did not want to spend a lot and for (. . .)it seemed a very good deal. Two mistakes: 1. You get what you pay for (. . .) and 2. Don't judge a printer from the box cover.First of all the included driver did not work with Win2k, so they FORCE U 2 DOWNLOAD A 42MEG DRIVER!!!! DAH! I live outside of the US, we don't have T1s like rabbits running around!The printer did not work with USB! The drivers would not even install without a paralell printer cable! Legacy free systems are out of the picture!When you do get the thing going, the driver is so heavy it takes an eternity to load on every logon! Then there is that burdersome icon flashing when the thing is not connected. CANON: There are some of us with laptops! We don't have the thing hooked up all the time! And you get all this anoying messages everytime the thing decides to fart. It is really that anoying.Finally, the quality is horrendous. I printed a template of my company stationary letter and I could not send it. The blue was purple and it looked like I sprayed the ink on the paper! I really could not believe I had got this piece of trash. And I have consumed at least 3 cartridges in two months with almost no output! I compared the ink consumption to a HP k60 I have on another office, and the HP so far has not required change despite the fact that I works at least 5 times more!Don't buy this printer from it looks. And from my experience, don't buy it at all!
I just read somebody saying overclocking was for kids...? There must be a lot of smart kids nowadays then. Purchased on November '07 and got the G0 stepping. After quite a bit of fiddling; got it stable at 3.333Ghz using 800Mhz DDR2s and a EVGA MOBO! This processor is VERY, very good. Got it running Crysis at 1900x1200 with ALL options at high settings and 4x Antiasling! Frame rate at that level is not acceptable, it is amazingly playable. Just read a gamespot review the couln't get the QX67xx with a 600MB nVidia GTS 8800 to run at 1600x1x00 with the options at high. I gues that's where my SLIed 8800GTx2 got into play. I would suggest for the money this is a extremely smart choice. Overclocking IS HIGHLY recomended (not overspending on the QXs...) BUT DO get a smart motherboard. My EVGA 680i A1 was not quite up to the task.I am feeding it 1.5Volts and 2.1 to the memory chips. As a whole, I am within factory specs and my temps at 44x4 while idle. On demanding tasks they are just shy of 60 degrees C. I guess this is wallet savy choice and with a very good peace of mind on your investment.
These are cans that sound good, not great. I bought these for the mobility and in that they are pretty good. I do have some static occasionally, but if I simply switch channels it usually goes away. My set does have the EXTREMELY obnoxious low volume issue where they shut off after 3-5 minutes if low sound is coming through them, so don't think you are going to use these to list to some quiet, smooth jazz or anything.Again, they are good not great, but are the best wireless cans I've tried overall.
They really nailed it with this inexpensive and versatile device. I have converted several phono records to CD's and they play on my CD player, audio system and PC. Sound quality is surprisingly good as the software includes a program for removing static and noise reduction. It works as advertised.
This is a good wall mount. well made. It does droop but seems to stay put with a little negotiation and a steady hand.
I recently purchased this player through Amazon, but from a source that offered a lower price (cabo-wabo, $139). It took two phone calls to Panasonic to connect the unit to my Direct TV receiver and TV. I don't do well with those diagrams, and the first tech with whom I spoke obviously didn't either. Navigating three remotes (Sony TV, Direct TV, and the Panasonic DVD Recorder) is a pain initially, and still inconvenient after you get the sequence. I suspect that there is no way around it since inputs vary and I prefer turning off the recorder rather than receive the tv signal through it. That said, using the recorder is quite easy. You have to format the dvd disk (takes about a minute), and to record what you are watching requires pressing one key. I used Memorex DVD +RW disks. Timed recordings are limited to the first 135 channels--if I recall the number correctly, so if you want to record something on a higher channel, you have to be watching it or at least have it on. After recording, you are given the option of making the dvd playable on other dvd players. Takes about 3 minutes. Using the 2-hour recording mode, the quality of the recording is excellent. I confirmed that the recording can be played on another player. I also viewed a commercial dvd movie with no problem. I have yet to try a timed recording, nor used the unit to play mp3's or view jpegs. It does do more than record and play tv programs. All in all, once connected and having your remotes figured out, this is a great product for the price. I have found Panasonic's customer service to be generally very good.
I have used Carol speaker cable throughout my house. it is top quality. I would not put cheap wire through my walls. Much cheaper than the M* cable and just as good.
Installed, worked for a few days and then each drive stopped working (one at a time). First to go was the USB drive. Not worth your time and money
I paid about 50% of the retail price by purchasing through Amazon as compared to Frys Electronics Store.
I bought this in March 2010 for just over twenty dollars. It has a wonderful sound and is really nice quality overall, but it does not fit me. It is too tight for me and I can't wear it for longer than maybe ten minutes at a stretch before it becomes really uncomfortable. So I gave it away to a smaller-headed friend who is very happy with it. I would buy it as a gift again, but only at the lower price. If you have a small head, I recommend this product, even though it now costs about 50% more than what I paid for it less than a year ago. Good reviews seem to drive the prices up, eh? Pity.
iPods are beautiful, highly crafted.iPods dominate the market.Apple sells million of iPods worldwide.iPods are priced between $150.00 to $ 400.00.iPods are not cheap.Apple's revenues are in the multibillion dollars.Why then, why can't they include a nice plastic case for the earbuds?Mind boggling isn't it.
I'm editing this review the day after I posted it... The problem that I was having inexplicably went away the today. Another reviewer had posted the exact same problem. Tech support said to live with it for a few days, and if the problem returns, let them know and they'd send a replacement. Incidentally, I bought the iPod (30 gig)to replace a 200 disk cd changer that died. WOW this is better! Also, I'd change my rating to 4 stars, but it's not letting me. Here's what I wrote yesterday: The dock works great, except I have to turn the iPod volume all the way up, and then crank my stereo volume up as well. I'll be sending this back. The first time I switch to FM while listening to the iPod, my speakers and ears are going to fry!
I bought one of these about a year ago and have been using it in rotation with two other batteries, one of which is the original Canon battery that came with the camera. I recently dropped my original Canon battery so I thought I should be prepared in case it took offense to such thoughtless handling. So, I went back to my Amazon orders log, looked up my previous purchase and found the product still available, but from a different seller. I have to say that my jaw dropped when I saw the price. Unbelievable! Under $3.00, shipping and all! Wow! I quickly ordered 2 more. You can never have too many batteries...These batteries are perfect! Not only do they last at least as long as the original Canon battery, they also charge a whole lot faster. I have marked an "L" on the Canon battery with a Sharpie pen to remind myself to put the timer on longer for that one. It takes at least 30 minutes longer to charge than the OEM ones. They take about 55 minutes each from empty.What a great find! This is a great deal!
I was a little leery of getting this case because of some of the bad to mediocre reviews. Now that I did get it, I'm not sure what most of those reviewers were on about. This is a gorgeous case! When I first saw it, I wasn't sure it could actually carry 72 CDs. It has such a nice streamlined design, that it just looks too small and slim for that much of a load. But it does carry it and does it beautifully.The dimensions posted in the description are not accurate. It is actually 11.5 x 6.5 x 2.5 inches. Very compact for the application.No the shell is not rock hard plastic, but that's a plus, because rock hard plastic is also brittle plastic - it would break if you were to drop it. Hard plastic would also possibly damage your CDs if it were dropped. This product has a semi rigid shell that will withstand shock and soften the blow to the contents, should it ever be dropped.Overall, it is very well designed and all the materials are all quality +++. The color is a beautiful deep blue. The zipper is heavy duty, very nice and strong and moves smoothly. It is black, as are the rivets at the back of the case. The zipper has a very nice black and blue tag solidly attached to it, which puts a nice finish on the blue/black theme. While the tag on my unit is not rubber, as reported by one of the reviewers, it does have a nice solid grip feel to it, even though it's made of vinyl. A rubber grip might be a good idea, though it might break down faster than the vinyl would.The sleeves inside are very nice too, with scratch-proof liners and thumb holes in the plastic sleeves to make it easy to slide the CDs in and out without grappling with them and leaving fingerprints all over the edges of the discs. The sleeves hold the CDs solidly, even when I turned the closed case upside down and banged it on its edge solidly, several times. All 68 CDs I had inserted stayed put. Not one came even loose at all. Yet, it is very easy to slide the CDs in and out with one hand, when I need them. Overall, the inserts and sleeves feel like good quality and should last a long time, if not abused.All in all, this is a beautiful case in every way and I look forward to getting many years of use out of it. I recommend it highly.
This receiver sounds great and has plenty of power. It sounds ever so slightly "tinny" compared to my Harmon Kardon receiver, even in onkyo's pure audio mode.It is excellent in that it handles almost any video (or audio) input and will upconvert from any analog video to HDMI. It will even "downconvert" component video to s-video and composite.The only thing it is lacking is the ability to output HDMI sources on component video: running HDMI 50ft. to my projector is pushing the HDMI spec to the limit, so I would like to take the HDMI from my DVD and run it out the component port....
I just purchased this JVC GRD93 camera elsewhere, and recorded my first short video on a new JVC tape. While the camera itself didn't seem to make a lot of noice, the camera noice recorded on the tape was very annoying during playback. JCV customer service was of no help. I'm sending the camera back.
I think this router might be getting a bad rep on the wireless end, because it comes with a proprietary setting enabled by default that I think does more harm than good. If you have this router and are getting intermittent or no wireless connectivity, and you've verified all your settings are right, try this.This router (Belkin model F5D7230-4, and other models) has a (proprietary?) feature called "Protected Mode". The default setting on this model (at least the one I got), unlike other models, has that mode set to "Auto" under the Wireless settings, which I take to mean "on". So turn it off. It's wonky, because even tho it's a proprietary feature, there is NO documentation in the router's online "Help" section. However, it IS described in the user's manual:"As part of the 802.11g specification, Protected mode ensures proper operation of 802.11g clients and access points when there is heavy 802.11b traffic in the operating environment. When protected mode is ON, 802.11g scans for other wireless network traffic before it transmits data. Therefore, using this mode in environments with HEAVY 802.11b traffic or interference achieves best performance results. If you are in an environment with very little--or no--other wireless network traffic, your best performance will be achieved with Protected mode OFF."Okay, so if it works best off, why does it ship in "Auto" mode? Turn it off. On other models, by default it does ships with the feature "off".Basically, I recommend setting this router up as simply as possible, but still having wireless encryption, of course.. So here are my further recommendations for setting this up. There's another (proprietary?) feature called "Turbo" mode. Again, no description of this on the interface itself, but it is described in the manual:"Turbo mode is enabled by default. It allows the Router or Access Point to use frame bursting to deliver the maximum throughput, 2 times faster than any standard 802.11g equipment, to 802.11g clients. This measurement is based on aggregate throughput in a mixed 802.11b and 802.11g environment. Belkin 802.11g clients with the latest driver will support Turbo mode. Clients that do not support Turbo mode will operate normally with it enabled."Again, I recommend turning it off. I also recommend deleting "Belkin Router" from the "domain" section under (I think) LAN settings, just keeping that field blank, and leaving wireless Channel as Auto (default choice, which normally goes to Channel 11 in the USA). And, as with any wireless rouer, you DEFINITELY want to put in a new wi-fi network name (SSID). Change the default SSID to something impersonal, but still unique. Further recommendations are keeping the thing well-ventilated, such as propping it up (securely) at an angle so air flows below it, above, and around the sides, and adjust the antenna of course then so it is vertical. Another thing I did was to turn Range Extension on, but I'm not sure that's necessary or if it just creates unnecessary heat, but since my friend was across the country, I was trying to pull out all the stops.I chose this router for a friend (who purchased it on their own, and then I set it up). I chose it because it was the cheapest one in the store, and Belkin is a generally respected name when it comes to all their equipment (if often having the reputation of being a little expensive), and my past knowledge of their reputation with routers was good. Even though they don't make them themselves, but farm them out to others, their choices in the past have been good.I initially set the router up at my home. I noticed that I had trouble connecting using Vista's wireless connection wizard, and I hate wizards and Vista's "wow" crap in general, so I got frustrated and found a "connect manually" choice, which was a whole lot easier for me, and after that, I was able to connect fine wirelessly for that time I was setting it up. However, my friend took it home and reported back that the laptop wasn't connecting, then it did, and then it stopped after a few minutes. Only then did I come to Amazon and read the reviews, where I saw so many others having similar issues. I suspected Protected and/or Turbo modes, so I did a little research, which confirmed my suspicions. I read a review of a similar Belkin router, the following excerpt summing it succinctly: "[Protected Mode] seems to make the network invisible to wireless devices you may be trying to set up for the first time".With my friend having gone home (across the country), I was relieved to find this router has a remote admin mode (called Remote Management in the router). I learned this by downloading the User Manual. The manual doesn't have great screen shots, and my friend is not tech-savvy, but after only moderate pain, I had them successfully enable Remote Management, and tell me the WAN IP address (which, strangely enough, is nowhere to be found under WAN Settings--you have to go to the "Home" page of the interface, and it tells you there). I was then able to plug their WAN IP address into my browser, and wham--I'm signing in and configuring their router from across the country (we had set up an Admin Password together before leaving--very important).So after disabling Protected and Turbo modes remotely, and doing my other recommendations above, my friend's laptop then connected immediately and automatically, with no action on their part (I had originally set up the laptop with the router when my friend was here). The connection now seems reliable and strong. My friend commented that it seemed fast.I think this is a good router for a beginner or someone who wants to purchase & config it for a less-advanced user. First, it looks cool in person, which means a surprising amount to newbies (frustratingly), but more importantly, the interface is very easy to understand, and well laid-out and not intimidating or illogical, unlike some of D-Link's later interfaces. Part of that is the logical layout itself. Some part of that is the absence of a lot of advanced features most people will never use, such as being able to tweak the Beacon and Broadcast Interval settings on wireless. However, the truly important advanced features seem to be there, such as MAC address filtering (both wired and wireless, where some routers won't let you filter wired MAC addies), Remote Admin, and the standard fare. The only thing I noticed that i'd like to see would be an option to completely disable the radio from the interface (because apparently the antenna is non-removable/non-upgradeable), but then again, you CAN set the radio to not broadcast its SSID (network name).I liked this router enough that I only half-jokingly offered to my friend to trade my current router for this one--an offer which was promptly declined! :)The router has 4 or 5 wired network ports in the back. It feels very lightweight. I didn't see any holes for airflow or heat management and it does not stand on its side, which is why I recommended leaning it against something on an angle (airflow is an issue on most home routers). The LED light array on the front seemed less obnoxious than D-Link's. For wi-fi encryption, I chose WPA-PSK. The password field is less confusing than some other brands, and it lets you choose either a hexadecimal or plain-text password, and it doesn't make you fill up all 64 or 128 characters, unlike some other brands I've seen IIRC, which can ironically make for a more complex password in some cases, because people can pick a long phrase they can actually remember. The passphrase we chose was long and plain-text, but did not use all the characters allowed, and it worked just fine with the Vista laptop.Further recommendation: if you're not a newbie, you'll know you don't have to run that silly "installation CD" that comes with the router. They REALLY encourage you to run the CD before you do ANYTHING, even before plugging in the router. It is obviously aimed at trying to cut down on the amount of tech support calls, which in spirit is a good idea. However, this gives new users the impression that routers need some kind of "driver" to work properly on a computer, which isn't true. Although the CD is probably nothing more than a glorified Computer-Based Training session, I wish they'd just provide a real manual instead (they do provide a paper Quick Start Guide). However, newbies will probably appreciate the interactive guidance and it does sound like a good idea for them. I don't know how many other companies are doing this now (nothing similar came with the 2 other routers I've bought, although the second one did have a "Wizard" built into the interface), but this could be a value-added feature for beginners who don't have a generous computer-savvy friend.The default gateway address for this router is 192.168.2.1, not the traditional ~.0.1. This is good, because most DSL and cable modems are now selfishly commandeering ~.0.1. Another good thing is that I was able to do either all or almost all interface functions in Mozilla (Firefox of Seamonkey) browsers. I think there may have been one screen where I needed to switch to IE, though; I can't remember. I know that tonight when I did remote admin for my friend, I didn't have any problem. I made a bookmark for 192.168.2.1 in my friend's Mozilla browser before leaving, and named it "Router". This way, I could just tell them to drop down Bookmarks, and choose "Router" when the inevitable tech support call came.I didn't bother updating the firmware, because I usually don't mess with firmware unless something's not working right--and I almost did so tonight in attemt to solve the wireless problem. Since updating firmware usually resets all previous settings (and often, backed-up settings [which this router allows you to do] won't work in newer firmware versions [somewhat defeating the purpose of backup settings, I think]), and we got it working right, I left it on the original firmware. The firmware version it shipped with was 9.01.05, and the latest version is 9.01.07--not too far off, and from August 8, 2007--pretty recent as of this writing, so as of this writing, the firmware is still being actively developed.That's about it, as far as commenting on things I haven't seen in other reviews. One last comment could be that DSL modems now commonly act more like cable modems, from the perspective that you don't have to input all that PPoE information directly into the routers anymore, and you can leave the router's WAN configuration in "Dynamic" (i.e. standard cable modem). The DSL modems I've seen recently give you the option of letting the router handle the PPoE info, or the modem, and I strongly recommend letting the modem handle it--it's just easier in multiple ways. So what I mean is don't necessarily set this router's WAN setting up as "PPoE" just because you have DSL. "Dynamic", the default setting, is much easier if you can let the DSL modem handle that. For most cable users, this and most other routers will pick up the cable modem automatically.Final thoughts: cable modems and DSL modems need to be power cycled (unplug, wait 10-15 seconds, plug back in) to change network devices (i.e. changing from a computer directly plugged into the cable modem, to attaching your router). I'm sure this is covered in the guidance CD, but it's worth mentioning. Also, with reviews on any router, you're going to see a lot of people having reliability problems, and it's usually going to focus around wireless. So if horrified by the reviews, make sure to check out other routers' reviews as a reality check. Also, different routers will tend to have people of different skill levels using them, which I think can affect review ratings. In this router's case, it draws many new and less-skilled users, who have more difficulty, as configuring a router is going to probably be the most complex thing an average user ever does with a computer. What routers do, even (especially?) home routers, is actually incredibly complex, and it's a minor miracle they are available at such low prices, as they are like mini computers in their own right. That is the other reason for so many bad reliability reviews with routers in general, far worse than with other products.Conclusion: a nice router with a good, understandable interface, for a good price, which has most of the advanced features most people will need, and therefore very good for the beginner or average-needs advanced user. Sad that one or two simple but badly-chosen default settings are apparently causing a lot of trouble and making the router seem less reliable than it is. Armed with the knowledge in this review as a proviso, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this router. BTW, tier 1 tech support, though free and on a toll-free number, is apparently Asian Indian from what I've read, and not very helpful. This product gets 4 stars, not 5, because of that, and the obvious problem-causing default setting.
I've had this card for two months and have been using it in my new DSLR, a Canon Digital Rebel XSi / 450D. It holds more .jpeg photos than I could ever imagine taking, and it writes so quickly, I'm never left waiting for it to finish. Highly recommended!
This LensPen is great! It won't damage your lens like a lot of other fabrics might, and it fixes almost all smudges. I love that it's small and so portable, I take it with me everywhere. I use it on my lenses for my Canon XSi, along with the Zeikos filters I use to protect the lenses. I bet it'd work well on my eyeglasses, too!It's better to get the generic branded "LensPen" one here, rather than a 'Nikon' LensPen elsewhere...because it's cheaper, even though it's almost an identical product.
The Agfa e-smile digital camera is not too bad for the pricebecause once you know HOW to use it correctly it really does takedecent pics.If you want a digital camera just for putting pics on webpages or sending e-mail pics to friends and family this is good for that. Camera can be used for video conferencing and can be hooked to vcr or tv to capture real time video imagaes I was ready to take it back but now I can use it for E-mail just fine just don't expect to get above average pics with this camera. END
I love this disc. I've created thousands of DVDs and CDs over the last 20 years and these never develop any errors or data loss -- or at least very VERY little. This can't be said about other DVD brands with aluminum reflective layers and such. I have found 3 errors on a total of hundreds of these gold discs. Most other brands are bad and devloping errors within a year. I can't use a computer program to copy home movies, but rather need to do it manually, and if there are too many errors, I can't do it at all. I just end up with a coaster. Please do yourself a favor. If it's worth making a memory, it's worth preserving it. At two bucks a disc, I can go for that. DO YOURSELF THE FAVOR OF SAVING THE MEMORIES. My hard drive crashed. The same week, my backup crashed. I called Backblaze. They said that they had not been backing up my drive for a year! Thank heaven I had most of it saved on gold DVDs, at least the most important stuff.
Bought some of these years ago and they still work perfectly. Use them for PC, Xbox 360, and PS3. Excellent picture especially for the price.
I am using this on the kids computer rather than installing an ethernet card. It is hooked up to a router in order to share a broadband connection. It is on a Windows ME machine. When I plugged it in it prompted me to load the drivers, loaded them, rebooted, and worked right away. I later had some problems with the dialer from our old dial up ISP interfering with the broadband connection, but removing the dialer solved them. I definitely would recommend this item.
I got this at CompUSA for 500+tax AR. This was bought for my parents, so the majority of the usage will be for web surfing and e-mailing. I also have a Toshiba M35 that i paid over 1800 a year or so ago, the majority of this review will be a comparison between the two, yes i know that it is unfair to put this against that other one, but i was surprised at how this laptop can hld its own. I use the benchmark portion that is in a utility program called batteryeater to give you a reference between the two.First off, as many people will tell you, the 256MB RAM (224MB because the video takes a minimum of 32MB and can be set up to 64MB) isn't enough, the laptop has two slots for RAM (1 is already occupied by the 256MB PC2100), so it would be a good investment to purchase another 256MB stick (~$30) or a 512MB (~$50) if you plan to do more than office work. Since i had an extra 256MB stick laying around, i did not have to spend the extra money for one, so i have 480MB or system RAM on this, whereas my M35 has 512MB of RAM because it has dedicated video ram. The score where 4012 for the 2010us and 4024 for the M35The CPU is a 1.3GHz Celeron M 350, which has its ups and down, the up is that it has 1MB of L2 cache and 400MHz FSB, which is a bit stronger than the normal Celerons. The downside is that it does not support any type of power savings features such as SpeedStep on the Centrino line of CPU from Intel. The M35 has a 1.5GHz Centrino processor. The 2010us scored a 1470 where as the M35 had 1943 for the CPU benchmark.The batter is a 53wHr Lithium-Ion, which lasts for a little under 2hours in the benchmark, Whereas the M35 had almost 3hrs with the speedstep on.The LCD has a resolution of 1024x768, which is the lowest resolution for a 15" LCD by today's standards, and the LCD isn't high quality, the screen is bright...but that's only if you look at it directly on, from the side, the screen becomes dim and color reproduction is inaccurate. But considering that this is again for Office-type work this not so much a problem. my M35 a ultility that turns down the brightness of the LCD based on the amount of battery left, but i think a program of such can be found on the internet, but i just want to mention that because it would help to conserve the battery.The mouse pad is an odd dimension, it is about 1.5"H x 3"W, which is a little short and wide compared to other laptops, it is made by synaptics, which makes touchpads for like 95% of the laptops out there. The one thing i didn't like is this mouse, the buttons are very slender and flushed with the palm rest and doesn't have a textured surface, so with my medium sized hand, i find it a little difficult to use without looking at it and having my finder directly on it, otherwise, i would have to use more pressure than on any other laptops because my thumb is about twice the width of the button.Another thing that i would like to mention is that he power cord connection to the laptop seems very "fragile" it is thin and plugs into the left side, what makes is fragile is the fact that is plugs in perpendicular to the side so if you had this on your lap, and it happened to slip on the left side, i think there is a good chance that the plug would break. If it had a 90 degree plug, it would be a little better, a thicker plug, or having plugging into the back would help even more.The hard drive is a 40GB @ 4200rpm, which is more than enough for office works, and some music and videos. The included DVD-Rom/CDRW drive is very nice addition on a budget laptop such as this, it doesn't come with a floppy drive, but all laptops today do not either. It scored a 2207 on the HDD bench, versus 3156 for the M35 which has a 60GB 5400RPM.It has JBL pro speakers, which is better than most laptops i have used over the year and pretty much surpasses most of Dells laptop speakers. And it is placed on the front, facing you, so the sound is not pointed way out in space with some laptops. Though it is good, it cannot compare to the Harman/Kardon speakers on the M35.This laptop has the intel extreme graphics2, with 32MB (can go upto 64MB) of ram, whereas the M35 has a 32MB GForceGo, so in the bench this only scored a 1912 whereas the M35 scored a 3441.It does have 10/100 LAN as well as 54G wireless and 56K modem, 2 USB2.0 ports and a firewire port. These are all very nice addition with a budgets laptop such as this, the wireless get excellent reception from my wireless router, and is better than the intel 2200G that is on the Toshiba M35.All in all, I think this is the best bang for the buck anyone can buy if you can get it for the 500 price, there just isn't anything else out there that I am aware of that can match this laptop in terms of features and price. But even at 700, it is still a very very good buy.
This is a nice little boombox. The design is very sleek. I have no complaints about the sound quality. You can jack up the volume pretty high without any sound distortions. The equalizer presets are quite satisfactory, and with the bass boost feature, the music comes through very rich and full--no hollowness to it, at least to my non-audiophile ears.One troublesome issue to point out is this boombox is tempermental in reading MP3 CDs that have folders on them. It is not manufactured to recognize folders and is supposed to just ignore them and read tracks individually. However, when I scroll through the tracks, it sometimes skips over all the tracks in a particularly folder. Thus, I recommend making MP3 CDs without organizing tracks by folders if you encounter this problem as well. This sucks because it is much easier to make a MP3 CD buy dropping in folders rather than individual tracks but oh well. Test it out and see because this problem is clearly a quality control issue with regard to this box.I am not surprised I encountered problems. I knew when I bought it that chances were high that something would go wrong. And believe me, I tried like the dickens to find another boombox I liked so I could avoid RCA altogether. Ever since a French company took over RCA, their quality has severely declined (not a political statement just a fact). I own a RCA TV which started malfunctioning, and after reading numerous consumer complaints about RCA products on various forums, I know to avoid their products when I can.Unfortunately, there is not much else to choose from when looking for a good boombox. Sony is good but they remain dead set on making boomboxes/stereos with cassette players! I refuse to buy anything now with a cassette player on it. It adds weight and bulk to the unit and I will never use it. I haven't purchased a cassette in well over 12 years. Hear me Sony: That's more than an entire DECADE sans cassettes!Is anyone else still buying cassettes to warrant Sony putting tape players on almost every type of unit it manufactures? I mean really, haven't we almost even surpassed CDs, replaced by digital music as the standard? And Sony is still making cassette players?! Why don't they make 8-track players while they're at it--and throw on a turntable just for fun. Sony really needs to get with the times; they are too good for this level of foolishness.But I digress...back to my product review:I have some personal gripes about this RCA boombox:1. Does not recognize folders on an MP3 CD. This means you have to scroll through each track individually to get to the one you want. This can become very tedious if you have a MP3 CD with 100+ tracks on it. Like if you are on track 25 and want to get to track 90, you won't be able to skip over entire folders to get there in a hurry.2. No disk or track information is displayed. So unless you remember that your favorite song is on track #75, good luck in finding it. Thus, before you leave home with your new RCA boombox to go on that romantic picnic with your sweetheart, you better sit down and map out what songs are on the CD and where you put them, or you'll be very frustrated trying to find them. Heaven forbid you scroll all the way to track #57 thinking it's the romantic "Moon River" and as you lean in for the kiss, "Doing Da Butt" blasts out of the remarkably strong speakers. (Shame on you for putting those two songs on the same CD anyway.)3. No remote. It would have been a nice added convenience, especially if you have to scroll through over 100 MP3 tracks to get to the one you want.Notwithstanding the above issues, I still like this boombox because it does everything it is supposed to do: play music with a good sound quality. Unfortunately, it just does it without any finesse whatsoever. But if you can get this boombox on the cheap (under $45), then go ahead and buy it; you won't be disappointed.However, if you play mostly MP3 CDs I suggest you find another boombox that is more user friendly--one that will at least display disk/track information. But good luck in finding one that will sound as good and doesn't come with a useless cassette player.I don't know how long this boombox will last but I will enjoy it until it has played its last non-formatted "guess the track" MP3 CD.
Add me to the plus column on this one. The Sony F-10 is simply the best boom-box available for under $100. More than that: the best boomer I've purchased out a half-dozen or so from all major manufacturers over the past ten years.I'd gotten used to a Bose Wave in recent months, so I expected to be disappointed by the sound quality. Not the case -- though not up to Bose level, the sound is outstanding for a box of this type. True, there's no graphic equalizer, but with the mode feature you really don't miss it.The design is first-rate -- 'elegant' is the word of choice here. Speaker placement is excellent. And the xenon-blue Wurlitzer-at-the-bowling-alley ready light is no less than charming.If you're in the market for an office box, look no further.(...though it seems the real problem is finding the thing, since Amazon's search engine seems to break down completely where electronics are concerned. I got the "Overstreet Comics Guide" after entering the full designation just now, and that's not the first time. Let's get on it, gang!)
We live in a fairly large home - when I am upstairs in my computer room or in the master bathroom and someone rings the doorbell - I CANNOT hear it!! (esp. while playing a computer game or with the TV on) I received this unit from Amazon, put 3 C Batteries in the receiver (you can use an AC Adapter) and 1 9 Volt in the unit that goes outside. I installed it facing my driveway. As we live in a quite neighborhood I heard nothing for a while... then I noticed that every time a car drove past our house, it went off... I simply moved it so that i "looked" at the driveway perpendicularly and it works PERFECTLY! 2 sound adjustments on the receiver are PERFECT - not an annoying sound and perfect volume! Thank you TELEbrands for a GREAT product at a giveaway price!
I bought this to solve a problem we'd been having getting my desktop and laptops and XBOX 360 to all work at the same time. Replaced an older non-compatible router. Now everything (Three Xboxes, four laptops and my desktop) all work fine at the same time...........
One of the most frustrating aspects of using a PC (apart from internal design bottlenecks that make things a lot more complex than they have to be) since early days has been permanent storage. The choice was between fragile and bulky diskettes or various external drives that were more trouble than they were worth (and they were worth plenty).Well, weep no more, because that era is over, ended by the flash drive. These little dainties are amazing, doing the job with the simplicity of the diskette and damn near the capacity of the external drive. You simply plug it in, watch it come up as an F:/ drive, and start clicking and dragging. No drivers, no headaches, no 'diskette is full' messages.SanDisk makes the cheapest models on the market, and I don't think you'll need anything else. The 128mb capacity is plenty for ordinary use. If you need more space for transferring programs or the like, they're out there.I can't recommend these highly enough. As far as I can see there's no downside to the things. Of course, if you wait six months, somebody will come up with something better. Ain't that a scary thought?
This monitor is brilliant. I've had several Sony Trinitrons. All different series. This monitor is the most crisp, color balanced, vivid color reproducing monitor I've ever seen.If you're in the market for a new CRT monitor, pick this one. You won't regret it.
These work just fine for being outside or walking in the city and cutting down some noise. I really wonder about some of these reviewers...what exactly do you expect to get for $15? Give me a break.
this item is easy to use. but it has in half our experiences it led us wrong; so much for easy use.we live in sonora, ca and it has directions from our home going over routes that do not exist!! it has our house where it is NOT when we use it to navigate home (glad we really know where it is, but then the neighbor lady is nice to visit).in modesto it had us go on a street (milnes) that does not go all the way thru to the next street (oakdale), near death valley it not find little nearby towns (lone pine), then, off of route 395 going south to bakersfield and turning on rt 178, it rejected that route...until 5 miles down 178, when it finally plotted a route.in bakerfield it took us to our route ok, but when we left to go on the freeway it had us on some other strfeet than where we were (which was where it had originally taken us).you can NOT depend on this for directions you NEED two things in addition, a map and common sense. if in a strange area it WILL get you lost...but happy, it will eventually get you on track but only by driving different recalulated routes.finding points of interest is middling at best. it will not show where rest areas are on freeways, it pronouces words sort of ok, but there are several common ones that it takes you awhile to figure out the word it is saying. there were no campgrounds listed, but we had maps and a book which led us to them. i suspect there are many many things that are not listed.it takes a VERY VERY long time to access satelittes, 5 minutes plus is not uncommon. and i have read where the batteries only last 18 months, this from actual users and not the hype of 10 years given by garmin...plus customer service from garmin really sucks, i have yet to be able to reach them via phone, emails are not answered either. the phone tag wait time is upwards of half an hour.yes only two stars, i would give only one, but what the heck.
This piece is a total waste of money.1. No hot keys2. USB mouse and USB Keyboard freeze more often than not !3. Monitor freeze occasionallyI am not sure why Belkin makes such products and puts its reputation at stake.
from the pic, it looks as if it had a center screw to affix to the wall plate. but, in fact it does not and so when removing plugs the whole device comes away from the wall outlet. it has a sloppy fit and needs to have a screw to secure it to the wall plate,
I finally do not have to worry about my battery running out while I'm shooting with my XL2, only negative is the battery is a bit heavy and bulky but I don't see why that would be a problem.
I saw these headphones for $5 here on Amazon and thought I would give them a try. I wanted a pair of closed full cup headphones with a volume slider to remedy a problem with my Rio Volt SP150 (its lack of decent volume even at 40) these headphones are okay I guess, but the sound on them is crap, even if I plug them into my old CD player which has perfect high volume. These will probably make fairly good Computer headphones as PC's usually put out higher volume than CD players. I guess I'll just hafta deal with the earbuds that came with my Rio.I could've gotten the same pair of phones at Big Lots for around the same price, maybe lower, but after S&H; on these suckers its $15, I should've been smart and got the Jensen JF 20's for $19.
Easy to install, fastens to three studs (16" centers), comes with a vast quantity of hardware, great instructions, and will hold just about any TV. I bet my 52" Samsung will still be on the wall when the only thing left are roaches! Well worth the few more dollars than the smaller mounts.BTW: downstairs I used the Sanus VMDD26B Universal Articulating mount for my 52" Sony... in comparison, it costs 4-times as much, had less hardware, weighs 3-times as much, and the instructions are less-than-easy to follow... mostly pictograms with few words. It does allow more movement which I needed.
Update: please check my "comment" for info on how to buy (true) NiMH battery packs which are double to triple the capacity of this one at half the price.While these are at least labeled as genuine Panasonic replacement batteries (which is the only reason I even give it 2 stars), that's not necessarily a good thing. Most Oem cordless phone battery packs are NiCd: Nickel Cadmium, pronounced "Nigh Cad" for short. It's the cheapest rechargeable to make, and also the most environmentally-unfriendly. Any "cordless" power tool, toothbrush, shaver, etc with an integrated battery or pack bought in the USA will almost certainly have NiCd's in it too, unless otherwise mentioned. The cadmium portion is toxic waste, similar to mercury in toxicity (maybe worse?), and cannot legally be thrown in the trash (though many people ignorantly do). It will eventually leach into groundwater in landfills, or go into the air if incinerated. Take old NiCd (or any worn rechargeable battery) to any serious electronics store like Radio Shack or Fry's for free drop-off recycling.The good news: there are much higher capacity 3rd-party battery packs which are not only less expensive, but use a far less-toxic chemistry known as NiMH, or "Nickel Metal Hydride". NiMH also does not develop "memory" as badly as NiCd--though you should still try to run your phone as low as possible before recharging it for best capacity and service life (this is true for NiCd and NiMH batteries, but not other types of rechargeables). NiMH is not significantly more expensive than NiCd, unless you're a manufacturer.My favorite pack is made by Rayovac, model co101p2. Make sure you get the "O" and "0" right (written lower case to show). This Panasonic OEM pack only has 700 mAh or "milli-amp hours" capacity; the Rayovac has a whopping 1300, almost double, with a better and less-toxic chemistry--and definitely longer duty life. While there may be even worse packs than this OEM Panasonic one... why bother? Unfortunately, Amazon does not sell the Rayovac pack, or even a NiMH pack for this model. Amazon sells an "equivalent" which is not equivalent, being NiCd and also low-capacity like this Panasonic one.UPDATE: Fry's, the last reseller of the Rayovac co101p2 I can find, has discontinued the item, and as of this writing only has stock in one of their San Diego stores (darn). See my 'comment' reply for more info on how to get something comparable.If you feel you must order one from Amazon today and it has to be NiCd, I'd get this over a generic "equivalent" regardless the untrustable mAH specs; just remember to save your old rechargeable batteries & packs, and drop them off at a Radio Shack or other place which recycles rechargeables. As a sidebar, automobile batteries can be recycled for free at car part stores; they will happily take them (they actually get money for them), and since car batts are made out of lead, you must by law recycle those, too.Being a fan of the old KX Panasonic phone series, I've watched a number of these Panasonic packs die. There's no point in replacing with NiCd. Right or wrong, Europe has banned or is banning the chemistry (because people won't learn how to recycle). When landfills or incinerators are proposed locally, they're usually defeated by people who point to NiCd batts being thrown away.Tips on keeping your NiMH or NiCd battery long-lasting:- Try to drain the battery fully each time, at least occasionally. This does not go for Li-Ion (cellphone/MP3/laptop) or Lead-Acid (car/electric backup battery).- Keep the phone off the charger unless you're charging it. Constant charging after reaching full capacity is not ideal.- Batteries will lose charge over time, even if not used--Ni-Cad's the fastest. So you may want to charge your phone occasionally if you don't use it much.- It's better to store a battery charged than dead. Try to keep some charge on it. When it drains to nothing, recharge soon after.Bottom line: battery technology which is more effective, the same cost, and more environmentally friendly is and has been available. Use your Ni-Cd's till they're spent, then recycle and find some NiMH. Double to triple the capacity, and often cheaper. Hard to find online, practically impossible to find in stores, but well worth getting (see my 'Comment' section).
This is a camcorder for the digital age. Tiny, multi-functional, and flexible. No ancient-technology magnetic tape. As with any product on the leading edge, there are many shortcomings.Let's dispense with the obvious. This device is all about compact go-anywhere flexibility and ease. For best image quality, a dedicated mini-DV camcorder and dedicated digital still camera is the only way to go. In fact, buying a separate camcorder and still camera may likely be less expensive than the Sanyo C6 while resulting in superior quality.Overall image quality is best described as "OK". The poor lens zoom and aperture is more befitting a $100 digital camera than a $400 device. The flash is weak and will not light many scenes that any other still camera would light. In addition, since the flash is not offset in any way from the lens, red-eye is virtually guaranteed at any range. This is not a problem with digital touch-up being common practice, but plan on touching up more often. Low light conditions drag down image quality dramatically in video mode. Virtually any digital camcorder at any price will outperform this Sanyo in video mode in any situation, but a little day light goes a long way towards improving video quality with the Xacti C6. Also, to be clear, the video quality is still superior to anything seen in the best of analog camcorders.For all these negatives, the convenience can be truly revolutionary. One can wear the tiny VPC-C6 around the neck all day. This causes an amazing change in attitude towards video. Since the Sanyo is so compact, no one would think twice about bringing it along on any minor travel. Being freed from the chore of "packing up" a camcorder means a corresponding willingness to bring the Sanyo on so many more occasions, such as a visit to the park instead of just weddings and birthday parties. And whereas a mini-DV camcorder requires one hour to transfer one hour's worth of video to your computer, the Sanyo transfers video as fast as the SD card and USB 2.0 interface will allow. That means five minutes or less to transfer one hour's worth of video to a computer. This ease increases willingess to create video and share video. No more procrastination over dragging out the camcorder wiring and the manual task of initiating video transfer to a computer. With the Sanyo, just place the camera in the docking station and pictures and video files are available just like files on a USB flash drive. It is difficult to overestate the significance of this convenience. Video becomes an everyday pleasure, if one so wishes, rather than a special occasion chore. If one values this convenience over absolute image quality, this is the product to own.This is a leading edge product. To get the most of this product, I highly recommend doing the following:1) Sanyo has provided an updated firmware on their website. This fixes a fatal flaw in the audio processing that some people have noted as excessive distortion - this update makes audio quality competitive with other camcorders. In addition, this firmware update adds compatability with 4gb SD cards (the limit is 2gb without the update). Kudos to Sanyo for the continuing support. (Note that the instructions are a littled distorted in the translation - what they meant to write is that you need to push the SET button to the LEFT to enter the firmware update screen.)2) The video is in MP4 format and is playable only with Quicktime. For Windows users, this limits video editing to the included programs or Quicktime-specific programs. There is an easy solution. First, download the Divx codec (a freeware commercial product) or Xvid codec (a free open source product - my preference) or ffdshow (a free open source product) - use your search engine of choice to find these. Second, download a utility called "MP4CAM2AVI" (a free open source software found easily with your search engine of choice). With these two programs, the video becomes compatable with any Windows program, including just about any media player (such as Windows Media Player) and any video editing tool (such as Windows Movie Maker).I look forward to seeing how this market segment evolves. The freedom from bulk and digital tedium is addicting and I am sure the image quality will continue to improve. For now, I am happy capturing the memories that would have otherwise been lost had I continued to own a conventional bulky tape-based camcorder.
Sure it doesn't have a lighted display, but it is a very BIG and easy to read LCD. It doesn't have 16 minute Steady Play to ensure 100% skip protection but so what. It comes with a car kit and Software CD, my Rio Volt SP150 didn't, and I payed $49.00 for it ($57 after S&H;) I bet this RCA model probably has better volume than my SP150 as well. Betcha don't hafta crank it to 40 just to be able to hear your music, do ya?This thing plays WMA's and MP3's just like the SP150.Always look at your options before you buy, after buying my product from Amazon I looked on E-Bay and saw the same exact items as low as $15 if you use &quot;Buy Now.&quot;
I was searching for a multi-region/region-free DVD player so that my wife could make use of some of her European DVD's and stumbled on this unit. Took a chance and it turned out to exceed my expectations. Very good instructions, lots of options for hooking it up and extremely easy to use and configure. It has worked flawlessly on European and Australian DVD's and claims to play all known regions. Again, definitely an outstanding unit and well worth the small price. I highly recommend this unit.
Not much to be said about this cable. It works. I connected my HD Cable box with my HD TV and it worked. No problem.I'm giving 4-stars because this cable should be cheaper than this by now.
I just have to smile at some of the terrible information some people, who havemn't really read the instruction and don't really know what they are doing with this card.The BIGGEST thing to kmnow about this great card is NOT TO INSTALL IT UNTIL YOU INSTALL THE NETGEAR SOFTWARE ! This is with XP P2 home.Read the instructions.Don't mess with the Windows software at all. Remember that Rangemax, like all "Extended G" formats aer proprietary, and thefore, alwayas use the Netgard software.1. Put the CD in and install software.2. Do a shutdown.3. Install the PCI Rangemax Adapter - WPN311.4. Bring the system back up.5. The sofware will immediately greet you after XP comes up. Then go through selecting the wireless router to connect to. Make sure the settings are coordinated with the router. Always a goo idea to have some security on it,like encryption, that would have to be initiated from the Router.6. To maximize the use of the "Rangmax" features of the adaptor card, make sure that you have purchased a Netgear Rangemax router to take advantage of the Rangemax "enhanced G" features.I have a Netgear RangeMax Wireless Router (WPN824)and it is working great with the Netgear Rangmaz adapters.7. I am purchasing another adapter, but I can tell you the two I have, are connected to XP SP 2 PCs that are on another floor, at two ends of the room downstairs and they are runing at a solod 108mbs. I have noot have to restart the router or the adapters.No more cables. I personally am right next to the router and my Cable modem, so I am connected to one of the four ethernet ports, and my connection works smoother and faster than my Linksys Ethernet router I was using before.No need for signal enhancers, additional anthing.FOLLOW THE DIRECTION, LITTERALLY AND REMEMBER TO LOAD THE CD AND NETGEAR SOFTWARE FIRST, BEFORE INSTALLING THE PCI CARD.I learned that the hard way, although it was higlighted in the documentation.
Decent quality and generally user friendly. BUT it does not have NOAA weather channels as stated in the editorial description. It only has the standard 40 CB channels. The range is limited but in general what I expected from a handheld CB. Most of them have limited range. My main reason for buying was the NOAA channels and the ability to monitor CB from my house near the NYS Thruway and when traveling. I'm returning due to the lack of NOAA as stated.
I purchase a little 8gb Micro Vault today. It was on sale at Circuit City so I thought I would give it a try.The first thing I saw after I opened the box up was that, unlike the misleading photos on the Amazon web site, there is virtually nothing on it to allow it to be clipped to anything. No keychain, no type of hook. nothing. It would just have to loosely dangle in ones pocket to transport it and would be real easy to lose if I can't hang it on a small clip when not in use.The other thing is that it really is slower than other flash RAM that I have.Sony keep falling and falling and falling into an abyss of proprietary , lower quality hardware, worse warantees, and stupid ideas. They are soooo out of touch.Jon
This is my first digital camera other than in a cell phone. It is extremely easy to use. I spent 45 minutes going through the manual with the camera. I recommend downloading the manual from the samsung website. It is much easier than trying to hold the book open and fidget with the camera at the same time.The features are very easy to manipulate and use. Usually it is just 1 button away. Even if you forget exactly how to do something, You can maneuver around without "messing" stuff up.One more thing. I am disabled and have limited use of my hands. The way this camera is shaped and the position of the lens and buttons make it relatively easy to figure a way to hold the camera. The big shutter button or whatever makes things pretty sweet also. Most cameras are sort of square shaped; this camera is more oblong.Great price too.
This is my first digital camera. I did a TON of research before settling on the lumix dmc fx3. It has more features than I really need right now but I figure I can grow into them. The best feature is the stabilization. It works great! I'm disabled and my hand strength isn't that great. The OIS is a lifesaver. Other cameras have stabilization but none rate as high as the OIS. I have had this for a month or better and am still combining and working with the features and doing some cool stuff. I would highly recommend this camera.
I've owned this changer for about 6 months. My main fear of buying a large jukebox such as this was whether it would work: Reviews on Amazon and elsewhere of Sony and JVC carousel changes seemed to indicate that failure rates were high.I was very excited about the CDText feature: With so many CDs in the changer, an on-screen display of the CD titles without manually entering them seemed like a good feature. Unfortunately, the changer only seems to support the 'title' field. I wrote some scripts for Linux to munge the title field to include the artist, but since most of my music is in iTunes (and not on a Linux machine) I eventually quit bothering with CDText altogether (it would be nice if iTunes supported CDText) and just burning the CDs from iTunes.My solution is that I have a print out listing of the CD slot locations. Not elegant, but it works well.Another concern I had when buying this changer was whether it would work with CD-Rs. After reading reviews of other brands that claimed the changers were scratching CDs, I knew I was not going to put my original CDs into the changer.I can happily report this changer works fine with CD-Rs. I've never had a store-bought CD in this changer.I have an optical cable from the changer to my receiver; the sound is wonderful. Other reviews have mentioned hollow sound from this changer when using the analog connection, and I'm inclined to agree. Use an optical cable if possible. Regardless, it sounds as good as my other two 5 disc changers if not better (they are not high end gear, though).Other reviews have complained the changer is slow: For me, the only place where I feel it is "slow" is when detecting that no disc is loaded into a slot. Actually changing out one disc for another seems rather fast, though of course there is a delay (but it's probably not desirable for the changer to be throwing discs around quickly afterall). Speed is not really a problem for me with this changer.Construction is solid and the remote is well laid out and compact. This is my only Pioneer component, but I am very happy with it.
I saw this bad boy at Suncoast for $99 and flipped out. Before, I had always thought about getting an Ipod Video, but I didn't like the idea of having to wait to get home to rip a CD to an MP3 player. But then I saw this. Now I have a decent replacement for my dead Rio Volt SP 150! ^.^Pro's:#1- CAN play JPEG's and MPEG movies that are burned to DVD-R.(great for pictures, music videos and TV show episodes)#2- Small, yet satisfying LIGHTED lcd screen.#3- Comes with everything you need for travel; a carrying case, adapters for CAR and WALL SOCKET. Comes with its own pair of headphones included.#4- Compact, but not small enough to lose easily (unlike an Ipod Nano)Con's:#1- Short battery life (2 hours for movies, 6 for MP3's, maybe longer if you turn the display off) and icky proprietary charge batteries (I'd rather just be able to pick up some AA's for it at the Airport)#2- The volume is lower for DVD's, but higher for music. WTF?#3- Generates HEAT when running off the wall outlet.#4- No way at all to make the menu and ID3 fonts LARGER.#5- Internal speakers would have been good.
The Firm is a book based on a John Grisham novel. It is a great movie and an even better book. This movie is accurate to the book and is a recommended watch for any Grisham fan.
have been dissapointed by TWO portable units so far... a Coby 3.5 inch I bought at Suncoast, the screen is horrible for subtitles and I'm a HUGE anime and japanese music video buff (although the unit played burned DVD's, and MP3's on CDR and DVDR) and a 10 inch Nortech Media that was permanently stuck in 16:9 and wouldn't play MP3's (which is stupid, cuz I only played $99 for the Coby and it does everything the Nortech won't!)So I am quite happy to finally see a portable that does MP3 discs, and has a relitively decent sized screen that isn't in crappy widescreen format. And for $109 dollars? That's a steal. Now the real test will be if it plays my burned DVD's, considering most standalone home DVD players will play burns (I watched a burned DVD of "Moonchild," the movie with Gackt and Hyde in it, on a friend's older than the hills home DVD unit) it probably will. I'm taking the Nortech back and I'm getting this!My idea for the perfect portable DVD player:1) Hasta have a good size screen that can show subtitles and ISN'T permanently stuck in 16:9 widescreen view ratio. (Sorry but this format is for THEATRICAL MOVIES, and i watch burns of TV SHOWS, Knight Rider just doesn't look right when everyone's head is smushed downward. It also helps if that LCD screen has a shield to keep kids from making "trails" on it.2) Should be able to display ID3 tags and scroll them. On alot of these DVD players they waste alot of screen space that could be used for more. My Rio Volt from 5 years ago does scrolling ID3 tags, and it was $50.3) Hasta be able to play burned DVD's with .SRT subtitles. And since Nero does a pretty good job of authoring DVD's, that shouldn't be an issue. Divx support would also be cool, but I guess that's asking a bit much.4) Treble and Bass adjustments! See, what I'd like to see is an all in one travel sized unit that is a hybrid of MP3 player and DVD player. Most HOME dvd units have bass and treble settings, so why isn't this on portables?
The product produces good scans, text print, and pictures. The software is simple but adequate. The unit is relatively quiet and conveniently holds more paper than earlier models. The buttons and menu on the unit are easily understood. They have great customer service. If only . . .I started with the 3200 that Epson soon replaced, under warranty, with a 5200 and eventually a 5400. I am on my fifth printer in a year and three months! On three (including the current one), the printheads clogged and would not clear out. With this one I've tried the cleaning solution that some sell and it has been to no avail. On three earlier models I received a scanner error very frequently that had to be cleared out at least twice a week and it happened whether I used the scanner or not. I returned two of those so quickly that they didn't have time for the heads to clog. It may help to use Epson ink, but twice the heads clogged for me while using the Epson ink they sent with each of the refurbished units they sent me.I hardly ever left the printer on for more than five minutes after a print job and I always shut it off with it's own power button, so I don't believe it was my error. I print about twice a week for a total of about ten pages (That is as much as Epson says is required to keep the heads clear. I didn't always print in color, but I it usually used color ink anyway since I didn't usually turn on the black ink only option.) I suspicion that if one uses Epson ink and prints more frequently then the unit is fine, but beware if you don't print often. I don't think it's possible to have new heads put in much cheaper than the cost of a new printer.With all that in mind, I am buying a Hewlett Packard 2175 and am taking advantage of the currently offered rebate. The color ink may cost me more in the short run because the colors are all bundled into one cartridge, but if the heads get clogged and won't clean I can just go out and buy a new cartridge and have the printer up and running since there are new heads on each cartridge. Also, I can refill my cartridges or buy remanufactured cartridges for less cost than genuine Epson ink and won't have to worry about ruining my printer if the heads clog.
Apart from it's clumsy primitive user interface, this unit has two tragic flaws:1 - The on screen displays (program guide, info screen, setup menus, channel display, etc.) do not work when using the DVI port when the resolution is set to 1080i!! You're totally flying blind, with no visual way to set or confirm settings or channels. Samsung has confirmed that it is designed this way, but could offer no explanation why! This reason alone is enough to stay away from this model.2 - The Dolby Digital implementation doesn't work correctly. When using the optical or coaxial digital output, while set to Dolby Digital output, the audio drops out repeatedly and constantly. It will usually work fine for a few minutes, then it starts cutting in and out. Changing channels will clear it up for a few more minutes, but the problem quickly returns. The only way to get functioning digital audio is to set it to PCM, but then of course you can't decode Dolby 5.1 broadcasts. Samsung has confirmed this design flaw, but offers no solution.Check with www.avsforum.com, and you'll find countless pissed off Samsung owners. Go with a unit from Zenith, LG or Motorola, you'll be much happier.
I bought it to use in my bedroom, but it quickly earned a spot in the downstairs entertainment center. Yes it looks and feels like a $30 player, but the performance is great, playing everything I've thrown at it without any visible motion artifacts or other problems.My $350 Sony refuses to play home-burned CDRs, and chokes on about half of the home-burned DVDs I've tried, but the little Norcent plays EVERYTHING with ease. Even MP3 and MPG files play flawlessly.
UPDATE:I'd like to update my previous review of this product. I emailed Uniden customer service, and advised them how unhappy I was to get 30 minutes of battery life out of $5.00 worth of alkaline batteries. After a few emails back and forth, they offered to replace the radios with another unit, the GMR638. Two days later, a package arrived with two refurbished GMR638 radios and a prepaid mailer to return the GMR325 units. I was pleased to see that the new radios included NiMH battery packs and a charger. While it's hardly a comparable radio (MUCH larger) it has a lot more features (CTCSS tones, VOX, etc.), more range and terrific battery performance. Of course the battery packs and charger was a nice surprise too. (The radios will accept 4 AAA batteries too.)So while I'm still disappointed in the GMR325 (which I specifically chose for it's small size) I have a lot of respect for the way Uniden chose to resolve the situation. I'll certainly purchase their products again...but next time I'll check the reviews here first! To anybody else who is dissatisfied with this product, don't hesitate to contact Uniden.-------------------------------------------------------------ORIGINAL REVIEW:I bought these locally last Saturday so my wife could keep in touch with me from shore while I fished on a local lake. I installed new Duracell batteries, turned the units on, and confirmed that they worked before powering them off. The following Sunday, I got out on the water and gave her a quick call. The radios worked great for about three brief exchanges, and then the batteries abruptly died in both units! I kid you not, we're talking about roughly 1/2 hour of "on" time, and about 40 seconds of "talk" time before the batteries croaked.Nice design work Uniden. If anybody here still wants a pair, you can come get mine out of the trashcan.
I've had these headphones for about 3 months and I love them.I listen to music pretty much constantly while I'm working, and though I have some good speakers in my office, I find I focus better with headphones on. I had gotten tired of wired headphones, as the wire always gets fouled up in the chair.First, the sound quality is excellent. It's not as good as high end speakers, but these headphones are a lot cheaper than high end speakers. I own about 10 pairs of headphones (don't ask) and these are definitely the best.In the office with these wireless headphones, I can get up from my chair and wander out of the room without taking off the headphones. My office is about 14x14 ft, and the IR signal covers the entire room. I have never had any drop-outs or other interference while in the office. When I walk out of range, the headphones go silent with a slight hiss.As other reviews have noted, there is a small quiet hiss when nothing is playing. However, the solution to reduce the hiss is not to crank the volume on the headphones, and instead turn up the amplifier. This works exceptionally well. I have these plugged into the headphone jack of a basic $200 receiver.The other wonderful thing about these headphones is that there is no on/off switch to manage. Instead, the headphones turn off when the inner band of the headphones has no tension on it--in other words, they turn off when they are not sitting on your head. The band is part of the "self-adjusting" feature, and it really works. You just put the headphones over your head, pull the speakers to your ears, and the headphone band adjusts and the headphones power on. This definitely helps with battery life. I haven't really measured the life of the batteries other than to know I only have to charge every now and then.Although the headphones contain electronics, batteries, and are somewhat large physically, my head does not get tired of them. The earcups are fabric with some padding rather than leather, so my ears don't sweat nearly as much as they do with other leather earcups. Very nice!The set comes with an optical cable. The back of the base has an optical input and two RCA plugs. I use a 1/4"-to-two-RCA cable from Radio Shack to connect these to my receiver. The base also has a magnet to assist when placing the headphones on the base for charging--the magnet pulls the earcup with the charge connection to exactly the right spot.Overall, this product is awesome due to its exceptional engineering. The headphones are expensive--no question--but they are worth the money.P.S. Another reviewer noted that this product doesn't work with Plasma TVs. I don't know anything about that, but that review made me worried if it would work in a room filled with LCDs--my office has many LCD monitors. The good news is--they work fine. Also, I can sit either facing the base station or facing directly opposite the base station and the signal continues to come in fine.UPDATE July 2008: I've had these over two years now and have been using them perhaps 12-20 hours a week, depending on the week. I'm still on the original batteries; they still hold several days of charge for me. I recently moved into a larger office (13 x 25 with vaulted ceiling) and the stand sits in a corner and covers all the line-of-sight visible areas of the room. Still very happy with these.UPDATE Nov 2010: I've had these headphones almost 5 years. They are still my favorite and I am still on the first set of batteries--and I use these a lot!
This remote easily programmed and runs my Phillips/Magnavox boom box, my Dishnetwork Satellite receiver, my Toshiba VCR, my Panasonic ES15 DVD player, and my Magnavox TV-vcr-dvd combo. There were some remote functions for the DVD player and boombox that I programmed in using the remote's learning function. That worked fine. The remote seems light, but fits my hand well and most of the buttons are spaced well enough to be easily pushed without accidentally pushing other buttons. Some seem a little small and hard to reach without repositioning my hand, but what can you expect for an inexpensive remote that does so many things? One small disappointment is that the buttons are not as easily responsive as I would like, especially when running the satellite, but I'm getting used to holding them down a bit longer and they work.
I hate earbuds with a passion, but I also have trouble sleeping on planes with "over the ear" phones. A friend strongly recommended these, so I gulped and took the plunge.These are by far the best earbuds I've ever used. They come with various sized "ear pieces", and remarkably, they stay in my ears quite well. I don't always get the "bass seal", but these work for me better than I could have expected. Without the "bass seal", music quality is better than average, but when I get the fit just right, the music quality is definitely awesome.The only frustrating thing is the earwax guard stickers are so small and tedious to deal with that they border on obnoxious. I don't know what a better solution would be, but I don't care for dealing with little stickers on tiny objects. This is a minor annoyance given the perks--high quality sound in a small volume product that is convenient for frequent travel.
I have two of these at home and a Dell 24" at work. Compared to the Dell, I prefer the styling of the Gateway, though the controls for changing inputs or tweaking the brightness/contrast is more frustrating on the Gateway.One of the Gateway units I bought had to be returned due to a headache-inducing high pitched squealing noise, but my replacement has no such issue. The squeal usually started after the monitor was on for a few hours, so beware of this.Other reviews have pointed out the great specs; I will note that this monitor offers two sets of composite inputs for DVD players/game consoles (Dell only has 1). The monitor has 100 mm VESA mounts which work fine with my Ergotron stands. In particular, I want to note the high value of this monitor. The contrast is not as good as higher priced models--many LCDs have trouble with black, and this model does a good job on it (but it's not perfect). However, this is a great monitor given its relatively low price.
I was looking for a new MP3 player to replace my Sony NWZ-A816 which got stolen at a Filter concert. I saw this selling for $99 at Fred Myer and decided to try it out (I made sure to keep my receipt of course, incase I didn't like it). It looked like a nice player, it had a huge screen and 8gigs of storage. When I got home I uploaded some music to it and tried it out. The sound was so drab and dull compared to the Sony I had. I fiddled with the Customizable EQ to see if that'd help, no go. I heard it had something called "FullSound" technology, but I could not locate this function in any of the menus. (I also couldn't find the Radio function either). Even my 80 dollar Senheizer headphones sounded like crap with this thing, I have taken it back and now I am waiting for my local Best Buy to get more of the NWZA-728PNKBB. A big screen means nothing to me if the sound is no good.
I bought this printer a few weeks ago & was replacing a Canon Multipass which I used (abused) for two years. I used many different brands of ink cartridges with no difference in print quality. I do a LOT of plain paper printing for my business & homeschool & already have a seperate printer for photos and optical disk faces. My multipass died with me holding no less than 20 ink cartridges for it. Seeing that the 750 used different model number ink tanks, I ordered some of them to be sure I was well stocked & figured my $60 loss in ink was just the way it goes. Both ink cartridges seemed to be the same. Luckily, I saved the ink to see if I could find someone I knew who could use it. After HOURS of research on-line, I discovered that the BCI-3 series inks are interchangeable with the BCI-6 inks, UNLESS you want true arcival quality. Turns out the ink cart are exactly the same, with the exception of the KIND of ink in them.(and the price)Pros: easy set up, two sided printing a BIG plus! Canon's great seperate ink carts.(my 5th Canon printer for this reason!) Printing in standard mode pretty much same as Multipass, in photo mode is exceptional. Document feeder a minor plus.Excellent scanning options!!!Cons: black print is weak IMO & confusion over ink cartridges may cost you. Less adgustment of ink usage in software than Multipass. I used to use "draft" mode (with some software tweaks) to print most of my stuff. Saved a lot on ink.In conclusion I guess the new features on the scanner & the two sided printing outweigh the ink savings, but I wish I still had my Multipass. This was the best option to replace it for me.
My daughter bought this printer after I warned her about tri-color cartridges. Now she is stuck buying these totally rip-off ones. Until people realize that the largest cost of owning a printer is NOT the printer, but the ink, they will continue to get ripped off.Unless you are only using your printer once a month or so, AVOID tri-color cartridge printers like the plague. Buy ONLY printers that can use inexpensive third party cartridges or that you can refill. If no one buys them, they will quit making them.
This is my third Kensington trackball in the last 15 yrs.It's the worst one too. Kensington also doesn't support MouseWorks for the Mac anymore and no plans to update it for Leopard. I didn't try to install it. The lower buttons work right as a normal click and right click. The upper left button does something odd with the scrolling that I find irritating. The upper right button... well I don't know what it does.The scroll ring is very nice and it's nice not to have to clean the rollers of the old trackballs (this one uses the red IR LEDs like modern optical mice do). Beyond those two points, there's nothing nice to say here--If you're buying this expecting 1980s/1990s "TurboMouse" quality, you'll be disappointed.But if you're like me and need some varied input devices to keep your hands from aching with RSI from a single type of input device, this might be an OK purchase. Otherwise, you'll probably wind up returning it.
I think this type of case is grossly overpriced, so I chose this one, as the best deal. They work fine, and are sturdy enough. As with many, they are not super secure, but if you snap them properly, they hold well enough.
I use this to carry two usb drives to client meetings, it is nice and compact & hooks right onto my lanyard (not included). The hook is metal instead of plastic which is a nice change. It protects the drives & is kinda cute.
I needed a cat-6 panel for my wiring closet and this panel was cheap. Wiring all 16 ports took far less time than doing the wall plate ports. The panel is sturdy enough for what it is and has two clips on the back to provide a little bit of strain relief on the cables.Frankly there's not much to say. It works, it's cheap, and there's color code guides on the back to simplify life.
I bought this keyboard less than 8 months ago. It's a nice keyboard--small desktop footprint, decent battery life, keys are fine if you like this style of key.But there's a common problem with these keyboards. If you search Google or Apple's support forums you'll find hundreds or thousands of people with a problem that causes the keyboard to cease operation. Folks have reported getting a "no questions asked replacement" from Apple Stores. I haven't tried this yet but plan to shortly.Apparently there's some kind of problem with the battery compartment. Mine no longer turns on. I've tried about 20 brand new batteries of various manufacturers (all ones you'd recognize). Some folks have suggested something about the compartment causes electrical contact to wear out over time.So until I get around to going to the Apple store and paying for parking at the mall, I have a keyboard that doesn't work--I've owned plenty of cheaper wireless keyboards from Logitech and Microsoft; never had this kind of problem. Why can't Apple use a regular battery compartment?But as long as it works, it _is_ a nice piece of hardware. It just sucks when it ceases operation.Update - I finally got around to taking my dead keyboard in to the Apple store and they replaced it after verifying that the old keyboard would no longer power up. Great service. I personally wouldn't spend the $80 on replacing the keyboard, since I got so little use out of the first one, but since Apple did replace the keyboard, I am happily using it again.
I have this screen on one wall in my office for presentations and collaborating with my team members.The screen is sharp in the best senses of the word--the white metal casing looks great, the "pull down bar" feels solid and has good tension. The screen is reasonably well packaged in a 6 ft long box weighing 21 lbs and arrived without incident. The actual screen itself has a black border and a nice white surface. The wall brackets are strong and solid, mounting is very easy, though the directions are quite poor. I wasn't quite sure what to expect with mounting in my situation, where I have a window and some pictures behind the screen--but the included bracket offsets the screen from the wall about 2" which provides enough clearance.The directions include words about attaching the screen to the ceiling, but I didn't try to figure out that as it didn't apply to my situation. The screen includes a small level which seemed too cheap to be trusted, but to my surprise, was accurate and consistent with my expensive levels. The inclusion of a level was a cool bonus. The wall mounts can be separately tweaked after securing to the wall, so if you're off a little, you can still get the screen perfectly level. A rail on the back of the screen lets you mount the brackets where you have studs--and it's easy enough to mount that one person can do it alone.So build quality is great--and the screen shows a great image as well with my low-end 4:3 projector. To top it off, this screen is inexpensive--I paid less than $1 per inch of screen.The only downside is the "new plastic smell" that was nearly overpowering in my office (which is 25 x 14 ft) for the first few hours with the screen unrolled. I expect(hope) it will pass relatively quickly. Update - it took about 10 days for the smell to wear off, at a maximum (I was out of town for a few days; I left the screen open, and when I came back, the smell was gone).Physically, the header is a little under 70" wide and from the top of the header to the bottom of the handle is 54". I would recommend clearances of 72" x 56" to comfortable mount this screen.If you're on the market for a 80" 4:3 screen, I strongly recommend this one.
I bought this as a desktop PC backup.A year after installing it, power went off one day when I was at my PC. I thought I would have at least 10 minutes of backup based on my PC and monitor wattage, but the UPS gave out in about two minutes, before I had finished up and shut down. Useless.Then, 4 months after the warranty expired, the beeper sounded constantly, and the power led flashed, indicating the battery was in need of replacement.The bottom line - Spent $70 for a UPS that never did its job the one time I needed it and failed just after two years. No more APC UPS for me...
I bought two of these, and while the build quality is fine, one of them arrived with a badly bent rack ear because they were attached during shipping. Even with some massaging, the bent ear will never fit flush into a rack.I also took off a star for having a power switch, a feature that seems to invite disaster without utility. I bought this knowing it had a power switch, however--I was looking for the cheapest possible PDU without surge or other features.On the bright side, the cord is long and the PDU will solve my problem of managing power on some of my test equipment.The PDU is cheap, but makes some compromises to get there.
I also own a Creative MuVo 128M and an RCA Lyra 20G. I bought the RIO Nitrus for a friend's birthday and thought it would be a friendly gesture to load an album or two into it.What a surprise! The software that came with the RIO Nitrus auto-detected music on my computer and presented me with a list. I selected a few albums, pressed one button and the songs flew over the USB2.0 connection.Building playlists was easy. The ID3 tags are available to the software so it was easy to set up playlists for individual albums or to play favorite songs. Another click of the button and the playlist transferred over to the device.The user interface is intuitive and easy to use. The monochrome LCD display is easy to read and it's backlit.The sound is great, though I admit I used Bose headphones rather than the silly little earwigs that came with the unit.I didn't find the buttons on this unit to be any flimsier than the buttons on my other mp3 players, but I don't intend to ham-hand the unit so it's not an issue.If you can, get the refurbished unit. It looks just fine to me and costs a good deal less.
When I purchased my Tripp Lite OmniPlus1000LCD (Plus version for Costco has lcd brightness slider), I assumed that it would alarm or alert me when something was wrong beyond the obvious - like when AC is off. After a couple of years it began shutting off completely without warning, thus losing computer data, so I assumed the UPS was defective - not that the battery was in need of replacement. After all, no beep or battery icon alert, which was what I would have expected. I went to Tripp-Lite's website for help, but this model was not recognized when I searched for a manual. I found their email link for tech support. I got a quick response to my request for a manual. They sent a link to a generic (!) user guide.The tech also said the unit was acting normally (!!!) by shutting off when it thinks it has a bad battery. He also said that if I was game, I could replace the internal battery with a sealed lead acid #1290 12V 9 Amp-Hour battery.You would think that these Tripp Lite Omni series UPS's would set the battery alarm if the battery is bad, but NO! You have to manually do a self-test by pressing and holding the Test button for a few seconds, which begins the self-test. Only then, if it finds that your battery is bad will it turn on the replace battery icon light! When I did that, the bad battery icon lit up to indicate my battery needed replacing. Otherwise the UPS won't tell you why it is shutting off! Dumb design.I went to Amazon, found the Power-Sonic PS-1290 12 Volt 9 Amp Hour Rechargeable SLA Battery for about $24 with free shipping.>>> Opening the UPS voids the warranty, and can be hazardous due to live/charged components even when unplugged - proceed with caution. &lt;&lt;&lt;Replacing the battery is relatively simple but frustrating. There are two #1 Phillips screws on the back of the UPS that must be removed to open the case. The screws are recessed over 4" deep, so you need a 6" minimum shaft length #1 Phillips screwdriver. (Maddeningly, the case holes are too small for a long #2 Phillips!)With the screws removed, the case halves can be separated. Open partially and observe the wire routing, the battery + and - wiring, and the slots holding the main circuit board. The slots holding the board are very short and are tricky to get realigned when reassembling.The wires inside the unit are not very long, so you can only open the case just enough to slide off the two battery quick connects, (observing the + and - to be sure you connect the new battery to the right terminals. Be careful to not touch any exposed wired or parts for safety.) Remove the old battery and place the new battery in the case and connect the + and - properly. By this time, the main circuit board will be out of the guide slots. When you start to slide the case halves back together, you have to make sure put the main board back in the slots on both halves of the case to align it properly while closing the case. Be patient! It took me nearly 10 minutes of fiddling around to get the board and wires where they belonged so everything was back where it should be so I could finally get the case halves fully closed. (When fiddling around with the main board, use care not to touch any wires, metal tracks or components just to be safe.) It took me several tries to get it back properly - Tripp Lite didn't make this easy.Replace the two screws and plug the unit back in with no load connected. The batteries are normally shipped charged, but the charge fades as they sit unused. The battery charge bar may not be at five bars until a few hours of charging are complete. When mine showed all five bars, I did a self-test, and it passed. The Tripp Lite liked the new battery!I put the UPS back on my desktop computer and all seems O.K. now! After a week of use, I switched off the power strip the Tripp Lite was plugged into to see how long it would power my system at full load. After 20 minutes, it was down to 2 bars, which is plenty long for me, so I switched power back to the UPS. I should note that Tripp Lite warns NOT to pull the UPS plug out of the wall or power strip to try a capacity test, since you lose grounding for your system, use another power strip to maintain grounding for the system.Also, I should add that the Power-Sonic PS-1290 from Amazon ran my system twice as long as the original Tripp Lite battery ever did... After two months of use with the new battery, my OmniPlus1000LCD hasn't shut off again!Bottom line is, these Tripp Lites work OK when the internal battery is in good working order, but will really tick you off when the thing shuts off with no warning when it decides the battery needs replacing!I am incredulous that Tripp Lite's design does not alert the user to a dying battery and just shuts down instead. What good is all the electronics and an LCD display when it gives the user no clue as to what is wrong unless the user does a manual self test! Dumb! If the UPS is smart enough to recognize that the battery needs replacing, the unit should beep and/or illuminate the battery icon to let you know! Ideally, the battery icon should flash on and off with a beep to alert the user to the battery issue. Seems like an obvious thing to me...Are you listening Tripp Lite???
I am a huge Ergotron fan. I've been using a number of their mounts and arms for 4 years and they are still going strong. Over the years, as Ergotron's popularity has risen, the prices have come down in a big way. This year I bought two of the LX mounts and they are as high quality as the older expensive mounts I bought in 2005.I am using these mounts to hold some screens in portrait mode. I'm using the extension arm on one monitor and not on the other. The monitors have been held in place without any adjustments for 6+ months. It's very easy to position the screen exactly where you want, once you have the tension set (which is easy--just turning a screw). I've needed no adjusting or tightening of the tension in that time.The construction is fantastic--strong, durable, and metal. This is really good equipment and should last a long time. The kit includes all the screws and adapter brackets you'll need for using with 75mm or 100mm VESA screens. I've used these stands with monitors from HP, ViewSonic, Gateway, Samsung--no issues at all.In addition to the high quality, these brackets look good. From the front, you don't see them--the monitor is just "floating", which always intrigues an office visitor ("how are those monitors held up!?"). From the rear, the black mount is sharp and solid.Highly recommended, especially at this price. There's really no downside here. Note that if you want to mount a very large monitor, you might need the Ergotron MX (also on Amazon) instead of the Ergotron LX (this one).
This item is a NiMH 3.6V 1150mAH Cordless Phone Rechargeable Battery pack. It is made of 3X4/5AA batteries wired in series and has a Mitsumi connector.There are cheaper versions of this pack available, but if you want to power your phone with a name-brand battery, this is the one.This battery pack fits the following phones:SANYO: 49001, GES-PCM02, PCM02AT&T; / LUCENT TECHNOLOGIES: 84020GE/SANYO: 49001, GES-PCM02, PCM02RECOTON: T123SOUTHWESTERN BELL: S60528SPRINT: 89330
I love this cable; I bought it after a scare in which $3 Monoprice optical cables broke and left the plastic ends inside of my expensive equipment. I was able to get the plastic bits out, but the experience gave me big pause on cheap cables. So I ordered several times of more expensive cables. This particular cable is thin, has a wonderful woven exterior, and nice connectors.However, the connectors do not swivel like the $40 Monster Ultra cables. I like the woven exterior on this cable more than the mesh the Monster cables have, but I suspect the Monster swivel will protect my gear more and reduce strain on connectors.At the end of the day though, this is very nice cable. If you have high end components that cost a lot of money, reconsider what happens when cable connectors break. I haven't tried breaking this, but I also trust the plastic more than I now trust the Monoprice cables.
It is very hard to find honest reviews of Bose stuff; there's just so much hate mixed in and it's impossible to tell what's real.I never thought of myself in the Bose target audience. I have 4 component stereos in the house, all of them much more costly than this little stereo. I own some very high end stuff; headphones that cost over $1,000 and so forth.But I wanted to replace the component system in the bedroom with something smaller. We just used the component system to play CDs and didn't need anything fancy. I wanted good sound without a big footprint. A friend had this player and really liked it. I stayed in a hotel room that had this unit and was very impressed.So I bought it. I am very impressed. The sound is indeed "bass-y" if you're sitting next to the unit--this is not reference sound. I suspect this is to help fill the room. A few feet away from it and it sounds great. The unit is compact, the sound is fantastic for something this size, it doesn't vibrate, the bottom is padded to protect furniture, the remote is easy to use. There are, of course, certain limitations--though the sound fills the room, it still essentially coming from a single point, unlike a multiple speaker system. This should be obvious. For what it is--a compact, table top music source, it sounds great!Some folks mentioned the lack of buttons on the unit. The only button I really miss is the 'eject' for the CD. Fortunately, more remotes are just $10 at Bose's web site. I'm not thrilled with having to buy another remote, but they are cheap and it's not a big deal.I did research other options by other vendors, but I didn't feel anything else quite had the handsome appearance this player does. Although looks aren't my number one criterion for choosing an audio device, I didn't want to buy something that was ugly. This player sounds great and looks great.Definitely worth it for my application. Highly recommended.
I now have 2 cards one for each of my laptop. one is running 2000 one is running 98. It works fine on both. It picks up the signal right away after I installed my wireless router. Be careful not to name both machines the same name, otherwise you'll need to change one. :) Great value for the performance.
I got this webcam because I wanted an inexpensive webcam. The driver that came with the webcam does not work. I tried downloading the driver from D-Link's site. The driver still doesn't work. I tried calling D-Link, and the 800 number is not in service for that product. If I don't get this thing working by tomorrow I'm returning it(...) It's frustrating to have a product not work out of the box. I'm installing this on Windows98 Second Edition. It's via USB, so no power cord necessary.
They work but sound is not that great. But for the price they are o.k...
I bought this as a replacement for my lost trustySony SRF-M37W Walkman Digital Tuning Weather/FM/AM Stereo Radio (Black), thinking, "Hey, it's a Sony, should be good." Hah.First thing, the volume control thumbwheel popped off the back when I unclipped it from my waistband. I only luckily retrieved it, but lost it 3x more until the last instance it was lost forever--so no more volume control except with tweezers.Second, each button push generates a very loud BEEP in the 'phones that cannot be turned down or disabled. This is absolute murder when using noise-canceling headphones, which makes the BEEP even louder.Third, the unit has all these fussy mode switches and functions that are useless for just listening. Hard to remember how set the time and change presets. Reception is okay but susceptible to being overpowered by local stations.Thank goodness I found & bought a newSony SRF-M37W Walkman Digital Tuning Weather/FM/AM Stereo Radio (Black), and I'm back in my Happy Place again.
I now get more stations. The product was not over priced. But was hope for better quality signal pick up.
WARNING : Enclosure doesn't pull in enough power for my Seagate's 250G Barracuda *sigh* ... So... if you have anything bigger than 160-200 be weary
When the case arrived, we were (and are) very pleased with the quality of the item. Since we don't carry our computer around every day we were not interested in spending copious amounts of money on THE super case, just something to protect it and make it easy to carry. We had looked at some of the big box stores and the lower priced cases we saw quite frankly stunk. The least expensive thing we found at close out was $20 and I wouldn't carry a magazine around in it much less an expensive piece of electronics. So this, at this price ($12.50) is a spectacular deal. It securely holds the computer (zipper and velcro) and everything else we need. It's not the case one needs to haul around a computer and a bunch of text books but for small stuff and accessories it has proven to be ideal for our use. Very pleased to say the least.
Maybe I got the earlier version mentioned in some of these reviews (off ebay, package looked like the picture here) but I found them very disappointing, tinny horrible sound compared to other earphones I have used especially Koss PortaPro which is GREAT. This one has no bass, and extremely uncomfortable and poorly fitting -- the soft foam earpiece has something hard in the middle, doesn't keep shape or stay in. I'm glad it was only a few dollars otherwise I would have felt ripped off and tried to return them.... I guess you do get what you pay for in earphones....
I love this unit for the simple fact that it plays all the DVD-R I've burned regardless of the brand. I've used Maxell, Memorex, Ritek, Ridata, and Prodisc. My Kenwood DVD player which cost a lot more won't play as many brands. The firmware upgrade is keep to get. The only bad thing I've found about this DVD player is the door which is flimsy and gets stuck at times falls off. I just plop it back on. The viewing quality is great. It's very lightweight and easy to function. I'd highly recommend this unit to anyone that's just looking for a simple and basic DVD player with a lot of flexibility.
Ok just installed the new memory works great with Compaq CQ40 107. There was no need to go into BIOS. The memory showed right away. Works great with Windows 7 and Ubuntu 9.10. Easy to install, but that might depend on your LaptopOne bad thing was the packaging for the memory. it's difficult to take out without bending or scratching it. When I finally popped it out it slipped and fell on the floor. Thankfully no damage was done.Buy the product but take care when getting it out of the packaging. That's why I gave it 4 starsCorsair are you reading this--- change your packagingFor future reviewers a suggestion-- when it works on your laptop list down the brand and model no. of the laptop as well as the operating system. some people have done so but others haven't. It makes it easier for future buyers
I've used several optical mice over the years, and this one beats them all. The buttons are all programmable and while the software doesn't let you configure the buttons/acceleration/speed to the extent that Kensington does, the shape of the mouse is very comfortable (for righties only). If you want a symmetric mouse or more programmability try Kensington's mice.
Definitely not worth the price. The viewing range is pitiful - you might as well get a cheap 8x20 binoculars and use that as opera glasses.
I've got 2 of these on my home network, and they are able to connect to the wireless lan where other's have failed. I use the WPA-PSK mode, and it works perfectly. Connection is always up.Note: I tried a related product to this one -- the WETG54S5 (bridge + switch). Don't bother. Under encrypted mode, it's nearly useless.
Not much to say about this. I ran out of tape in my label maker so I ordered this one from Amazon. It arrived quickly and I didn't have any issues with it.
I can't say what occurred with the previous reviewer. My guessis he was referring to the 2200 (a much slower color printer)or was driving the 3100 via a parallel cable.I got the printer today and have printed just about everythingin sight, including 8.5x11 inch pictures (1536x2048x16 millioncolor digital camera images) in regular and fine quality mode.Certainly it takes the printer longer to print these images,but thats 15 seconds verses instantaineous. Note that I usea 100bps ethernet to drive it.The image quality looks great to me. I picked this printerbecause if you add duplexing and a 500 sheet tray to theirlower end printer(the 2200), both options I need, you getapproximately the same total price as well as a printer thatis MUCH slower in color, has a fraction of the CPU speed anddoes not do Postscript 3.The 3100 DN is a win, and gives both a better price and smallersize than the equivalent HP printer. The other printers in thisclass all seemed to have 500 sheets, duplexing or networkingas various options.Again I would ask the first reviewer to check if he has theright printer and retract that if not. This printer does notdeserve that writeup at all.1/2003 postscript:Have been using this printer for 2 weeks now. This printer hasseveral features that are apparent only after examining theunit, and deserve mention. First, it is very quick to comeonline from a full energy save mode, about 1 minute. Second,you can get full status on the printer by accessing thebuilt in web server (mentioned nowhere I could find in thedocumentation), which gives an amazing number of statisticson the printer, including bar graphs telling you how muchtoner remains in each of the colors, how much life (in pages)are left on each printer component, etc.Finally, each of the parts that wear out in the printer, thetoner, transfer unit, imaging unit, fuser and feed roller areuser servicable units that can be simply unlatched andreplaced.The local store discontinued this unit, but is still sellinga certain major brand name printer that is both more expensive(if you include the same options), larger and, IMHO, uglierthan this printer.
This is the ideal product to replace any device that uses this voltage, as it is slim, doesn't produce any heat, has folding blades and has the "Sony" plug needed to power many Sony devices.I replaced all my bulky transfos with this "line" of products, and never had any problem. They are even "nice". For a voltage adapter, that is :).The only criticism is that as it only comes with the 110v vertical blades for the plug, if you have to plug it to a 220 V plug, you have to use an adapter, that is not always safe, definitely clumsy, can always get loose, and generally makes it almost as cumbersome as having to get a 110 to 220V transfo, and then this device, for powering stuff.Anyway, summing up... Well worth the price!!
I've used this product for many years and it can get rid of almost any muscle pain I end up having, minus the most stubborn leg pain, for which I have to take medication to help get rid of.I haven't used another product other than a wimpy Homedics product which doesn't begin to compare to this unit. Therefore I can't say that this is the best unit for providing a deep massage. I do know that it is very effective, just as it's advertised, and I've never had a desire to try something else since I have complete satisfaction with this unit.Having said that this unit is too powerful to use on the neck and face, so if you are looking for a unit to do neck and face, get a massager without so much force. This unit is for legs, back and arms, if your arms are not petite. I use the wimpy Homedics product to do my neck, so together they make an excellent massage combo.
I was amazed when this little device worked with my Sony speakers (9v, proprietary plug) and then with a chinese 12 v "ZyXel" router from a client that had already rejected 2 power supplies.It's also quite nice to look at, given its semi translucid case.I agree with the reviewer "Lorenzo" that it'd be ideal to make sure that the voltage selector doesn't move.It doesn't heat, and does provide enough Amps x hungry devices like speakers. It being regulated means as other reviewers already stated, that it does what's supposed to do: give the right amount of cuttent. No more.It does block a bit of the plug (unlike, say, Sony's slim Voltage AC Adapter - 9V AC-E90A) but given its versatility, I'd rather take this for a "desert island"/ for a trip. Enjoy!
Nothing to review really. This is brand name ink, and it's just not available in the off-brands. Hate to pay the price, but have to have the ink. Does do a beautiful job. Shipper was very quick also.
I recently bought a Panasonic CD portable player with carkit for a road trip cross country. After 3 hours of using the cassette adapter, it stopped. I went to the closest circuit city and had them test it, and it didn't work there either. Since I didn't have my receipt, I bought a sony adapter which worked great and has ever since. The Panasonic people were no help and just sent me a generic e-mail. I recommend if you buy A Panasonic CD player, DON'T buy it with a car kit as an accessory. Use Sony, much more reliable and works just as well, despite what Panasonic tells you.....
This product has realy good sound, great non skip technology, especially when driving in a car or truck over rough terrain or even while walking or jogging. I don't recommend the car kit cassette adaptor, so don't buy this with the car kit included. Use the SONY adaptor, much.........more reliable.
I read all the negative reviews posted here, then bought this product with some misgivings because it has something hard to find in CD clock radios--a headphone jack. That's important to me because my spouse likes it quiet at night, and I like background noise, so I use a pillow speaker. My Sony Dream Machine had one, and was a good product, but the time display is too dim and too small for my baby boomer eyes.This product works for me. True, there is an annoyingly bright, light-up-the-room-in-neon-blue light that comes on whenever a CD, the radio, or nature sounds are playing, but that light is easy to cover--I pasted a piece of construction paper over it. The digital time display itself is perfectly acceptable at the dimmer settings.I agree with most other reviewers that the nature sounds are unrealistic, overly dramatized, and not at all relaxing. That is a feature I will not be using. The radio reception is better than the Sony's.
I really love this laptop. It's small and sleek and very light. I recently brought this laptop on a trip with me and just slipped it in a protective sleeve and into my carry-on tote bag with my other electronics. It also fits well on your seatback trays as opposed to some of the bigger laptops, especially in those tight airline seat spaces. Play CDs, watch DVDs and play any electronic game you want on your flight. The battery is generally good for 3-5 hours depending what your running.I've always had Macs as a personal use computer and was really debatiing getting a regular PC since like most people, I use Windows in my workplace. However, after seeing this one in a store and then the great deal I could get from Amazon with a (...)rebate and 2 day shipping through my membership in Amazon Prime, it was a no brainer decison to continue my loyalty to Apple computers.Of course it includes all the perks, like most Mac packages do and is up to date technically including cellular connectivity if you choose. Please note you need to purchase an AirPort Express Base Station and an AirPort Extreme Card to use the cellular feature. This Mac model does not come with the AirPort Extreme Card installed.All in all, you really get a lot of bang for your buck with this product!
The Flex-USB design concept turns out to be very useful, but my CablesToGo product did not last very long-I used it maybe 10 times, and the plastic housing started to crack, rendering my Flex-USB too flexible to use. I don't know if it is a generally flawed concept or if it's inferior materials used, but I do know something's up-I have another similar unit that simply gave out, though I used this one over a span of about two years.People, this is a nice unit. but I suspect that the design needs more R&D.; Until then, your money is likely better spent on bona fide USB patch cables, which accomplish the same mission of enhancing flexibility. No mechanical joint or hard plastic to give way and highly flexible by design, these cables are sold in lengths of as short as six inches, up through 1.5 feet and up to six feet long...
I bought the Compaq Aero to replace the HP Jornada 420 I had for about a year. The HP is junk by comparison. The Aero 1550 is more functional for my needs. It does what I wished the Jornada did. I can live with black and white screen since I have learned I dont have any use for color anyway. The touch pad is more accurate and the unit has far more memory. I really like the Aero and was amazed by Compaq. (I'm not a real big fan of their PC's) As for the other reviews stating how easy it is to break the screen, well treat it like you paid 300 dollars for it and maybe the screen wont break next time. Even if someone will relace the screen once for free. You can get field PDA for about 2000 dollars that wont break so easy.
One of the best Nikon lens out there, the Nikon 50mm f/1.8d Lens covers the basics and more as a good starter or pro tool. Primarily developed as a portrait lens it has been a workhorse in the Nikon 35mm family for years. It has now crossed over to the digital age without fanfare. As with all Nikon SLR mounted lens it easily pairs up to the new digital systems. Every Nikon photographer should have this one in his or her camera bag.
This is my third Digicamera. For the price you can't really beat it. This camera takes excellent pictures in the dark.Great, clear, full of features. This camera is not that difficult to use either. It does not require a degree in rocket science, just read the manual.I still can't get over how well it takes pictures in the dark.I took a picture of my living at night with no lights on. Totally pitch black. With the flash, the picture of the room looked as if it was mid day and well lit. AmazingUse the web to research your camera purchase. I checked this camera out through google before finally buying it. I am very pleased with the purchase.
The Nikon ML/L3 Wireless Remote Control has proven itself to be a worthwhile tool time and time again. Pairing up to both my Nikon D90 & D300s was a breeze and on the money. The wireless feature easily makes this remote the hands down favorite when shooting products. Overall, the shots were consistent within a solid shooting range between 5 and 16 feet. Self and family portraits are a breeze.The immediate and two second delay modes are nice add ons. Overall reliability has not been an issue. With a 3 volt CR2025 battery providing the juice, its all about usage. For my needs I replace batteries every six months and keep back ups handy. Mounting a small sticker noting the date of the last battery change is helpful too. Occasional users can get away with a one year replacement. For prolonged storage, I recommend removing the battery. For heavy usage, its a good idea to carry a back up unit.In the box, (1) CR2025 battery, instructions, and a one year manufacturer's warranty. Customer support can be reached via Nikon's website or toll free phone number. Without a doubt, the Nikon ML/L3 Remote is a durable and cost effective tool. Its a welcome addition to my camera bag.
It is small and easy to use. I used the cable to connect with my computer and there is no cable's necessary. Nice. I don't have to install any program and use it everywhere.
Over the last few years I have purchased at least a dozen service plans from NEW Company. Like most companies that spread their wings and become giants in their industry, the first thing that goes is quality customer care. Depending on what call center is answering the 800 number, I have received too much misinformation and the all to common, "we don't have that product registered in your file." The second thing that happens is their rates go up.If one is buying any extended service plan via Amazon or any big box retailer, always download and print the warranty and READ it carefully. Do not rely on the old faded original receipt. Make copies of your receipts and keep them with your warranties. As a note, both Sam's Club & Walmart's extended service plans are under the NEW Company umbrella.In the 1990s this company walked on water and I would gladly rate all of their service plans 5 STARS. Scheduling service on products I owned was a breeze. Since 2005, its a 2 STAR crap shoot at best. Recently my computer monitor died. I called the company and they forwarded my submission to a 3rd party service tech. The tech concluded via telephone that my 14 month old monitor has indeed seen better days and authorized an immediate replacement. The replacement monitor arrived five days later via UPS. It was a reconditioned and much older monitor. It works but it is not a NEW product by any means.Upon consulting with a NEW Company rep I was informed that there is no promise that a new product would replace the old one. I looked over my contract and realized that is indeed something the legal gurus at the New Company fondly left out. It only promises replacement and repair.This company loses style points when it comes to extending your Service Plan. The call center cannot authorize extensions. The all too old promise is one of our service agents will call you shortly with an extension price quote. On average it takes 4-6 weeks for a representative to even let you know if the item's service plan can be extended. There is no guarantee that it will. I know this from personal experience.Amazon would be doing their customer base and particularly new customers a great service by posting the contracts online before you click the button to purchase. Surely with all the tekkies hanging around the office this would not be an impossible feat. READ THE CONTRACT
After the zipper broke on my go to case, I came across several before I settled on this JLabs product. It comes in blue, black, pink and silver. I ordered the black one. After a few months of use, I have to say that its held up well.Size wise, this case measures a little over two inches. The shell is made of EVA (ethylene vinyl acetate) which is basically the same stuff that most athletic shoes are made with. The exterior has a nice fabric look and feel to it. This case is also tagged with the JLabs logo on the top.At first I was a little worried about the zipper holding up. So far so good. I like the heavy duty rubber grip that's mounted to the zipper. The inside mesh pocket has come in handy. Arizona based JLabs backs this product up with a one year warranty. The company also sports an above average website with product information links and a toll free customer service number.This past weekend I discovered that my Tiffen lens filters fit perfectly. Knowing that the filters are better protected in this case, I ordered two more for my camera bag. Overall I'm impressed with the protection this product provides. So far its been a cost effective tool that has lived up to its billing.
Primarily shooting in the elements, I need gear that can go the distance and not require me to spend my time waiting for repairs or replacement. Like anyone else, I give other products a serious look before settling in on the one that's going to work for me. I came back to Tamrac. The biggest reason is the same one when I picked up my first Tamrac bag 17 years ago. Quality.After giving this bag a solid workout, its all thumbs up. To be honest, I expected nothing less. The Tamrac 612 Pro System 12 easily accommodates my two Nikon SLRs, five lens, and other accessories. With interior real estate measuring in at 14.5"W x 7"D x 8.5"H its all about space. Weighing in at a little over 5 pounds its not a light weight by any means. The padded swing gate and velcro locking system safely protects all my gear. Unlike some fixed divider systems, I like having the ability to adjust as needed.From top to bottom and side to side, the grey interior is lined with a thick foam for providing the optimum in shock and vibration protection. I found that the slide pocket with red flag feature is great in managing my SDHC cards and batteries. The large zippered, pop off pocket is another nice add on. It easily holds documents, wallets etc. The front drop pocket provides two separated mesh accessory compartments for easy storage of smaller items.The bag's exterior is a big selling point for me. Its made of water repellent nylon material that has gone the distance for me time and time again. It does an outstanding job of keeping my gear safe from dirt and dust as well. The lid fastens with both a sturdy zipper and snap & lock straps. The two side pockets are roomy enough for small accessories and secure via velcro closures. A full length pocket is located on the back that I use for thin manuals, etc. The bag comes in both black and grey colors.The mounted loops for supporting lights or a small tripod is a nice add on. The handle is heavy duty all the way. The stitching is sound. The shoulder strap is nicely done and won't give up without a fight. The piggy back pocket feature easily allows for the bag to be mounted on wheeled luggage. It does come in handy. Unlike some of the stuff I've seen from the competition, the hardware is first rate. The metal D rings and hooks will last a lifetime.A glowing indictment for the overall quality of Tamrac's products is the fact that in 17 years, I've never had to take advantage of their lifetime warranty against defects. Make no doubt about it, you pay for quality. In the long run, its a quality insurance that delivers big dividends in protecting my camera gear. I'm alright with that.
I purchased the Opteka 7000 Tripod last spring for an up and coming photographer. I gave it a solid test run before I handed it over to my niece. It held its own out in the elements as well as in her make shift garage studio. As of last weekend, its still a vital part of her inventory of photography tools. By no means will it get confused with my Manfrotto or Induro gear but for the price alone, you do get a lot of bang for your buck.Made primarily of aluminum, this tripod weighs in at almost 4lbs and measures 25" folded and 70" fully extended. The manufacturer boasts that the maximum load is 35lbs. I find that very hard to believe and think that its closer to maybe 12lbs at best. Like most gear the head mount thread size is the standard 1/4" and 3/8".Economically priced, I find myself liking this tripod. I'd probably use it in a pinch if my primary gear was unavailable. Some of the things that I like about this model are;1) Center Brace w/Handle - Sturdier then most, its re-enforced structure is sound.2) Lower Brace w/Locking - I like the overall degree of steadiness with this system.3) 90 Degree Vertical Platform - Its rock solid and definitely built to last.4) 3 Way Panhead - Surprisingly the movement is quite fluid and not overly tight.5) Gear Operated Center Column - A good design that adds structural support and helps in reducing vibration.6) Quick Release Plate - Average build and locks in nicely. I definitely recommend users to pick up more then one of these.7) Dual Bubble Levels - Above average and are great aids in adjustment, uneven panning, and tripod head movements.8) Channel Lock Legs - Thicker then most in this price range, I like the quick release and overall spread. The feet are mounted with non slip rubber boots.9) Weight Hook - Held up rather well when I put it to the test with a loaded accessory bag.For me personally, my biggest gripe with the Opteka 7000 is that it did not come with spiked feet and the overall weight. Its a personal preference and by no means a slam to this product, but I usually like my tripod heavier. This model is packed with a one year warranty and an above average zipper mounted, nylon carrying case. Its finished in black.For the investment alone, this product covers the bases quite well. Its overall durability and functionality speaks volumes. Its an ideal accessory for starter packages for those budding photographers. Even for the once in awhile photographer on a budget, you can't go wrong with the overall quality and price.
If this review is still here 2 or 3 years from now you may laugh at it, as digital still-photo cameras are getting better all the time. Nevertheless, the Canon Snappy LX II is an unbelievable value for the money, and, as of this writing(Mar. 2002), there's NOTHING in this price range by way of "value" digital cameras(less than 60 bucks) that can touch a true 35 mm point-n-shoot camera for picture quality. With auto-loading and auto-rewinding, the Snappy LX II is practically idiot-proof, ideal for the person inclined to throw away the instruction booklet and then figure it out(but keep it to operate the timer). That it also has an auto-date feature is particularly impressive in this price range.
A RAM review? Ode to a memory module on a Thursday afternoon? What kind of useful verbiage can I offer about a RAM stick?Obviously, not much, and I shouldn't try-- suffice to say I was happy with this Kingston product, as I have been with previous Kingston purchases.Amazon frowns on discussing cost in a review,which is quite understandable as prices flucuate, and especially so with RAM modules. I'll just say it was a substantial savings for me to order this stick here rather than through the only 2 retailers in town that had it.
I don't know if they still make this model-- I bought mine in late 2004 and it's never given me any problems. The remote and the on-screen menu are very simple, easy to use, and intuitive.
I was very pleased with this drive. Fast and, as others have observed, very quiet. One note of caution. The install instructions are very basic, as they have to be. Seagate has no idea what kind of PC you're going to putting their hard-drive into, so the directions aren't much more than "plug in the data and power cables. See your computer's user's guide for more information..."Before installing the drive, I'd check any documentation I happened to have. If you don't have any manuals, google up your particular machine and "installing second hard drive" and I can almost guarantee that someone else has tried to do the same thing.Finally, check your PC's setup. For example, I put this into a Dell Dimension. The final step in the setup is to go into the BIOS setup and be sure that the Second Drive setting is set to "Auto" and not "Off." If it's set to off, the drive will still work - but very, very slowly!That's just an example - your mileage may vary.
I use these with my laptop and plug them into my Kensington notebook stand.My friend has the MMS321's she loves them except for the bass. Like me she generally plays classical and jazz so bass is not always an issue. We both like Prince and some hip-hop so speakers with good bass is nice for these musical choices.The MMS 322's have much better bass than the 321's. I love the sound and the look.My only issue is the power supply it is huge and clunky; the size of a brick and even thought the speakers are small you still have to have a good spot for the huge power brick - subtracted a star for this issue because size and portability matter.Great choice overall.
I am an accountant who uses my laptop in the field regularly. The larger numerical keys are much easier to use than smaller external numerical keypads. I use it on a non-IBM laptop running Windows XP. No additional software required.
So ive had this unit for almost a year and wanted to wait long enough to write a review on it, im usually not quick to judge and it was a good thing i waited. First let me tell you that I did some very, very thorough research before purchasing ANY of these barely new DVD/VHS recorders and it came down to this one and the panasonic one, after going over every single review on this website i noticed many complaints were based on the shipping and handling and that ovbiosuly has nothing to do with the quality of the unit itself so i thought they were both pretty even as far as the reviews but i went with this sony unit since i trust the brand and many of my other equipment is sony as well...let me tell you the first surprise was getting the unit in a heavily smashed box !!! I was then understanding why there were so many bad reviews on the handling of this unit. Luckily for me only the remote control cracked a bit but was still able to use it without any problems, the unit itself was very well secured so nothing was wrong with it but i will tell you guys this if you get it from amazon you get it at your own risk because the delivery guys are not careful at all so good luck first off getting it home safe.....Ok now to the main subject, the unit itself, from day one it was the easiest and most simple unit to use, the menu is basically all on a very easy to use onscreen format. As far as the recording goes if you record straight from tv is just as easy as recording with your vcr. I mainly bought this unit to transfer a big collection of tv shows i have on vhs onto dvd. It is very simple to do this, you simply select record from vhs to dvd press enter and it starts recording!!! Also i was very impressed with the vhs quality on the unit, while transfering my tapes i got a pleasant surprise as i was able to play some of these old games without any jumping on the picture which i had not been able to do with many other vcrs in the past! Also when using HQ speed on your dvd it actually improves the picture quality as well as the sound which i thought would be impossible, of course that will reduce your recording time but its worth using for those very old and meaningful tapes you may have. One negative i found on the dvd itself is that when recording from tv on either lp, slp or ep format the quality is really awful! you lose sound and picture and even my older vcrs will make better recordings on lp, slp or ep then this DVD unit on that speed so that was very dissapointing! Ive recorded by now over 300 dvds on this unit without any problems and with very good quality. Of course i only use good media such as sony, i once tried using memorex media and towards the end of the recording it would start skiping so you have to be very careful also on the type of media you use, Overall this machines served my purpose which was to transfer my collection and record a few more shows off tv.HOWEVER I wouldnt be so quick to buy it if I was you and here is why.... When i first bought it most recordable media out there was 8x so i bought about 200 dvds all at once, everything went well until about 5 months ago when i ran out of blank dvds, I then went to the store to get some more media and noticed all they have now is the new 1x-16x media or just 16x and guess what??? this unit does not suport that type of media !!! I didnt know of course until i brought some of these home tried them and kept getting an "error message" on my screen... I then contacted SONY CS and this was their response "The RDR-VX500 VCR/DVD Recorder records on 8X speed or slower DVD-Rs/DVD+Rs. Please refer to pages 10 to 12 for information on compatible discs for the unit."And guess what?? these 8x or slower media is now very hard to find in ANY store out there wether you try costco, best buy or circuit city, of course i was able to find some through compUSA which a sales man was able to get for me from the BACK stock room ! which probably means they will be discontinued soon or will not be carrying any more, I can still find some of these online and even through SONY sales but for how long ??? I was very dissapointing since its been only about a year since i got this unit and it seems that technology already caught up to it. Now i will probably need to replace it for a newer unit to keep up with technology, so unless you dont mind searching for those rare 8x or slower recordable dvds then you should go ahead and buy it because it really works well and makes great copies and is very easy to use but if you feel it will be a hassle to be getting the right media for this unit then by all means look for something that can support 16x discs and hopefully will also give you the quality recording that you need!
My wife's old iron gave up the ghost, so I set about finding an exact replacement. What I found was that the old model's brand (I won't mention it, but it should be obvious) had fallen way out of favor. It was the review count on this one that sold it --- and so far, the reviews have been bang-on --- I do my own ironing, my wife has enough to worry about. Only one very small complaint: the water tank is a little small. But since it's so clear, it's easy to see when it's nearly empty. We keep one of those drinking bottles with the flip-out (not pop-out) spout nearby, filled with filtered water. (Hmmm ... if they'd included one of those bottles, maybe 5 stars!)
Wished the shot had a little more resolution, but for the price, very useable features and user friendly. I also bought a uv filter and fog filter. They seem to benefit washed out colors. I hope the macro lense kit I ordered last week will take some nice detailed close-ups.
I have two of these card and I love them. No issues or complaints. Quality and speed is what you get when you buy this card. I would buy more if I had the extra money. :)
What is there to say?...it's great ink. I use it in my Epson 2200. My only wish would be the cost being lower. :)Buying this pack saves you a little money...
I just try it once and is was terrific the idea to have 2 screens for the children.I have read MAny reviews that were against but for me until now its great
While the 5D may be less expensive than the so-called professional grade, the camera is more oriented toward the Pro end than the 20D (or 30D) with fewer of dial settings but more capability. Others have covered some other areas, so I'll try to avoid repetition.The full frame makes a great deal of difference to me. I like to print large images and I like to use L or other higher end Canon lenses (with a couple of knockoffs). There's no tradeoff in weight of consequence or compactness. The truth is that I prefer the recent glass that isn't computed for the smaller sensor.I liked the 20D, a lot, and most of my gear carries over to the 5D. I now have three cameras that take the same card and battery. The 5D if anything feels and looks more rugged that the 20D while being very compact.But the pictures? Great. The 20D was and is a first rate camera at 8.2 and its ability to use all Canon lenses, plus the EF-S for the smaller digital image.One person cited slowness over the 20D. I won't disagree with that, but it isn't a big deal to me. I typically use the drive for bracketing on the fly, but almost never for anything just to do a fast sequence, e.g. sports. I've owned motorr drives going back to my days as a pro in the 60s and 70s and they have their uses. Esssential sometimes.But they are like autofocus. On occasion, you need to be manual. Whenever possible, I prefer to single shot or on occasion, a three shot burst. I find there's less chance of missing what I'm shooting.The "Decisive Moment" too often falls between the frames on motor driving. But that's to everyone's taste. I really am impressed with the camera and having tried it, look forward to a trip with it, with the trusty 20D as the second.
My old computer recently bit the dust (it was laid to rest with the ceremony due a faithful soldier) and, for the first time in years, I had the opportunity to build a system from the ground up. I figured since I was starting from scratch anyway, I might as well use the latest tech available, and that means SATA.Now, according to a popular on-line encyclopedia, SATA is great because, "the main advantages over the older parallel ATA interface are faster data transfer, ability to remove or add devices while operating (hot swapping), thinner cables that let air cooling work more efficiently, and more reliable operation with tighter data integrity checks."The only part I saw was *FASTER* - I'm a guy, so if it's faster, it's gotta be better, right?Right.But for some reason SATA, which has been around since at least 2004, hasn't caught on in the accessories area and SATA hard drives and DVD-R's can be hard to find. ThisLite-On 20x Super All Write LightScribe Internal DVD/Dual Layer RW Drive (LH20A1L06)is one of the better options in an admittedly limited field of choices.Some other reviews have talked about the drive feeling frail or light-weight, but that wasn't my impression. It seemed solid enough and compared favorably with one of my favorite burners theSony DRU-800A Internal ATAPI/EIDE Double-Layer/Dual-Format DVD/CD Recorder. Other comments have stated that they needed to download software or were missing a data cable. I didn't have any of those problems. But, just for the record, what I got was the drive, a white faceplate (in case you don't like the default color), Nero 7 (LightScribe edition), data cable, four screws, and assorted documentation.Nero is my favorite burning software, and was I so completely in love with version 6 that I really hesitated when I saw that this drive comes with version 7. But you have to use it, if you want to use the LightScribe features and burn your labels to your CD's and DVD's. I have to report that, to date, my experience withNero 7 Ultra Edition Enhanced Pc & Home Entrmnt Solnhas been uniformly positive.I'm guessing that most people who buy this drive are not your average PC user. I think there's only a few of us dinosaurs around who remember the days when nothing was plug-n-play and the idea of an external drive was a laughable fantasy, induced by too muchStar Trek The Original Series - The Complete Seasons 1-3and Tab. But, I consider myself an &Uuml;bergeek and the idea of cracking the case open not only didn't intimidate me - I was looking forward to it!The beauty of a SATA install is how easy it is. No jumper pin settings, no worrying about CD0 vs. CD1 (or is it the other way around?) After opening the case, screwing down the burner, and plugging it in, Windows will find it without any fuss and you're ready to rock. Well, after installing the aforementioned Nero 7 software.That said, a couple of cautions may be in order. Of course, make sure your PC is unplugged before ever thinking about opening the case. Back up your documents (maybe by copying them to anIomega Desktop Hard Drive 500 GB Hi-Speed USB 2.0 External Hard Drive). And before installing any software, I always like to create a system restore point.A system restore point is a handy little program from Microsoft that allows you to "roll-back" changes made to your system to an earlier date in time. Is it perfect, heck no. But it's pretty stable and it's saved me a time or two. And it can't hurt.Creating a system restore is super easy. To get to System Restore, go to Start -> Programs -> Accessories -> System Tools -> System RestoreFrom the the first pop-up screen select, "Create a restore point." Next, enter a restore point description (the current date and time will be automatically added.) Select "Create." One you get the confirmation that the restore point has been created, select "close."Now, theoretically, if installing some piece of software hoses you up, you should be able to roll-back any changes made to your system, in addition to just uninstalling the offensive software.As I write this review I haven't used the LightScribe feature and, in general, I probably won't. The LightScribe disks are still a little too pricy for me - especially as compared to aSharpie Permanent Marker Fine Tip 5 pack Black. Plus, I've worked with LightScribe, at least an early version of it, and I wasn't overwhelmed with the quality of the print you get. It's a kind of grainy monochrome that reminds me of 50's pictures from my parent's photo album. But maybe it's gotten better and I'm all wet. I'll buy some LS-capable CD's, burn a label and post a picture here, so you can judge for yourself.All-in-all, I'm pretty happy with this drive. It's a little noisy when burning, but the install was easy, the software works great, and I had everything I needed all in the same box.
I wanted something comfortable and very portable to use with my iPod. I hate earbuds, so the ones that came with the iPod weren't something I wanted to use. After doing a lot of research I settled on these for their reported combination of comfort, the fact that they fold up, and their sound quality. I haven't been disappointed. I love the way music sounds on these and they're so comfortable- never have I had as comfortable a pair of headphones. I am completely satisfied. I got these over the 100s because well, higher number = higher quality, right? Heh, not sure, but I'd definitely recommend them to anyone I know and in fact did just recommend them as a Christmas present for my sister.
Sony's DSC-H5 camera website doesn't show compatibility with this memory. I called Sony to check and was told it would work with DSC-H5, they just hadn't updated their website, so I purchased.When I inserted into camera, I was afraid she'd told me incorrectly as I got an 'Access' message for about 60 seconds, then a 'Reinsert Memory Stick' message. Tried multiple times with no luck, and finally called Sony. Was told to remove the batteries (leave Memory Stick in), hold POWER button down for 15 seconds (to reset camera to factory settings), then re-insert batteries. Hey...it worked!Not enough experience to really rate 5 stars, but since it works, and I could buy the high speed card as cheap as I could find 'regular' speed cards, I just tossed it in the 5 star category.
I put this card in the PCMCIA slot, installed the Win98 drivers, and I was on the net in no time flat.This card was just what I needed for my old IBM Thinkpad, since it doesn't have 32 bit card slots.No complaints, works like it should.
UPDATE: Returned this TV and bought a Toshiba Regza 26" LCD TV/DVD combination (26LV67)...MUCH BETTER!The Regza has good viewing at all off-angles (including looking up) and has an upconverting DVD player (the 23HLV87 does not). Paid only 'bout $150 more for the Regza 26" and got a better picture & upconverting DVD player-well worth the difference in my book!ORIGINAL REVIEWThis isn't a bad TV, but be forewarned-the off-angle viewing when looking UP is terrible (looks like a photographic negative). I checked off-angle viewing from the sides in a showroom, but didn't think `bout lying in the floor to check the view looking up! I mistakenly assumed if it looked good from the sides, it would look the same from all angles-it doesn't!I put this TV in my home office directly above my computer monitor, sitting on a corner unit. The 23HLV87 I had tilted it's max (5 degrees) and still had a couple of mouse pads to get more forward tilt and it still looks terrible looking up. The Regza doesn't tilt forward on it's stand as the 23HLV87 does, but it looks great when looking up even with no forward tilt.After my experience with this TV, playing around in the showrooms it appears many LCDs smaller than 26" suffer the same (upward) off-angle viewing problem as this Toshiba. Apparently many manufacturers are putting newer/better LCDs in their 26" units.
Its simple. Within 20 minutes of opening the package I had the remote configured to use 5 of my main components: TV, DVD, Amp, CD Changer, and Satellite HD TiVo. The programming interface is rediculously simple yet quite poweful. There are a few usability issue with finding where some of the more advanced settings are, but once you find it once its always in the same place for every component.After using it for 1 day, I was able to customize it in another 20 minutes to control everything I wanted exactly how I wanted, including my iPod, my computer, and my XBox 360.Don't underestimate the value of the Rechargeable battery, the Logitech configuration software, or the button layout.The rest of my remotes are in a shoebox in the basement including my old Pronto.
'retractable' cord doesn't work, so you are left with a long flimsy cord with a big useless hunk of plastic in the center of it. The device creates a high pitched buzzing noise whenever you try to charge the ipod and play music at the same time. There are other models of iPod car chargers, I imagine *any* of them will function better than this one does.
As I'm writing this review Amazon is showing this item as no longer stocked. I don't understand why unless it is just temporarily sold out due to popularity. I've had mine for about 3 months and I use it every single day. I use it in my car with a cassette adaptor for skip-free music on the way to and from work. I use it in the gym lifting weights, on the treadmill, and for running outdoors. It's so small and light I hardly notice it's there. The headphones are well designed and sound great. I purchased a Viking 128mb smart media card to go along with this so the memory is doubled. I'll probably get one more 128mb card soon for a quick change out. You can program your own bass/treble settings, you can set it to drive headphones or lineout, it even has a clock built in. It's got selectable repeat track, repeat all, random (shuffle) or no repeat. There is also an a&#62;b repeat that allows you to select a starting & stopping point for your repeat. The voice recorder sounds fine although I haven't found a use for it personally. I also like how it runs on only one AA battery. As much as I use it I think I go through 3 batteries per month. I use this think a lot though. As for durability, I've dropped it a few times and it looks, sounds, and functions like new. Once I accidentally slammed a 35 pound weight into it. I thought for sure the LCD screen would be messed up if not cracked, but it wasn't! I shopped around before choosing this one, and I'm not disapointed in the least. It's a great value in my opinion. Get it.
I bought this for my macbook and I absolutely love it. I wish there were more options of colors, but I'm happy with orange. It's durable and I'm comfortable bringing my laptop with me anywhere I go. =)
Sakamano and Krupchik both nailed all the key points in reviews that topped the list when this was written.I don't especially enjoy working with flash, But I own both a 580EX and the 430EX and bought them in that order. I wouldn't mind having a third, a radio trigger and a couple of mounting gizmos. For the most part I use these on the 5D which doesn't have a popup strobe. If you've got the time and the inclination, you ought to take the time to try to light something right. Having two makes it fairly easy to do good quick two light setups, especially with a portable reflector. A 3rd would make it simpler to do some setups. (assuming you don't have or want to do setups with monolights and umbrellas).The 580 is certainly more capable. If I could only have one, this would be it. It's got enough punch to bounce almost anywhere. But if I was really squeezed for the money for now, I'd buy the 430EX, be happy and try to buy a 580 later. Maybe.Size matters. I usually carry one strobe for the 5D on travel. Not two. I don't usually feel the need and I prefer working with the ambient light. The 430EX compactness makes travel easier. I could wish that Canon would include with either the 430 or 580 what it takes to get the Camera light away from the camera a bit more, i.e. a cord and a shoe connector. But this is a quibble. It's a fine piece of gear.I am hesitant on non-canon lights for this kind of use. The savings tends to be modest and Canon has a better chance of designing a light to fit its own electronics whereas other brands tend to be compromise designs.But read the top reviews.
Plain and Simple: Don't waste your money. Seriously. This cooling fan lasted about 4 months and died. My Toshiba Satellite laptop (another product to avoid) gets way over-heated very quickly so I need some thing that works.
I've used this item for several months. No problems yet. The cap does seem to be a bit loose. Never did snap on tight! I think it will fall off and get lost soon. Considering the price, It's a still a deal.
I was speaking with another editor about our new G5's. We both lamented the end to our break time; it wasn't long ago that you could hit "Render" and get a half-hour break out of the deal.If you have non-stop work at your door and you value a little free time, buy a slower machine. This thing will make sure you don't have an excuse not to work.
Speaker connectors are important - they ensure good conductivity and protect speaker cable (and components) from long-term corrosion. But speaker cable connectors aren't cheap - particularly if you want Monster Cable.Monster's other connectors are expensive. They are high quality, hefty pieces of metal meant to do the job for years at a time. They offer a variety of connector styles in standard and easy-termination types.THX-GP connectors are NOT Monster's high quality connectors. They are lightweight and not particularly impressive looking. They are, however, cheap. Cheap is a very good quality to look for when shopping for temporary cabling.THX-GP are crimp-on termination connectors, meaning you'll need a crimping tool. Luckily speaker cable isn't picky about tools, and chances are a pair of needle-nose pliers will work just fine. I used a RG6 crimper which, despite its size, worked perfectly. The rubber sleeves slip over the termination afterwards.If you're looking for high-quality, long lasting connectors for a high performance audio installation, you're probably not reading this review. The rest of you can go ahead and buy these - by the time you start caring about their quality, you'll be ready to replace them.
I always heard that all HDMI cables are the same, but that's not exactly true. I would never buy a $80 or even $50 brand, but I wouldn't buy the $2 or $0.15 cables either. I used a cheap cable that someone gave me and it made some popping and crackling sounds and the TV went on the fritz for about a half second whenever it would change between resolutions. And sometimes the sound would go out.But then I bought this Cables Unlimited HDMI and it is flawless (and MUCH thicker than the previous cable I tried). I am a very satisfied customer.Edit: Turns out the problems I had with the cheap HDMI cables were just because of a crappy TV.
I'm not sure what some of the negative reviewers were expecting for under $50, but I am very pleased so far with these speakers. As we all know, small flat panel monitors and TVs have horrible sound. I got these hoping they would improve the sound I get from my PC in my home office. They did...a lot. The only thing I dislike is the design of the cradle. Sure it's a nice look, but in order to adjust the volume or power it on I have to grip the whole thing to stop it from sliding around.
Are they kidding? Now I've seen everything. I am currently using an HDMI cable that my brother-in-law gave me. He said they often toss them out at work because they're not worth the trouble to store them. That's how cheap HDMI cables are...ALL OF THEM! I defy anyone to show the difference in picture quality between a $1 and a $300 cable. I once paid $20 for an HDMI cable a few years ago and now I feel stupid for doing so. Anyone spending hundreds on these things needs to have their heads examined. Don't do it, folks.
We're a small graphics agency and the generic 600x2400 scanner in a multifunction doesn't come close to cutting it for our needs with film or artwork. This was a great, inexpensive addition with 2400x9600 resolution. Would have bought a Brother if they'd had a similar standalone product, but Canon was a decent alternative with TWAIN and OCR.Software install's a little quirky if you're an experienced user and don't want to install the entire package. It will shut down (in WinXP), so you're left with no choice but to install it all. We're an Adobe shop and, frankly, don't need everything included...so, had to do an uninstall of some of the software. Just an annoyance, not a big deal.One exceptional plus is that we use it in conjunction with a Brother MFC-665cw and this is where TWAIN comes in. We can copy from the Canon by pressing ONE copy button and it automatically comes out the Brother. No further gymnastics necessary. It can't get much easier than that.The only inconvenience, as we use surge protector/power strips, is that Canon still uses a big ol' 1990s wallwort that covers a perfectly good outlet. I'd like to see them upgrade a bit to a standalone transformer like in the Pixma IP90 or Brother's machines.
What's there to say? It's a bent piece of aluminum that you put a laptop on. Hard to go wrong there.There's one flaw, which is that the angle is a little too steep for the existing Apple laptops. The lid hinge needs to be opened fully to overcome it and still be usable.
I'd read reviews all over the net and this seemed to fit my needs for a reliable external drive to go with the lappy (Dell M65)...particularly given the WD name. I was wrong, wrong, wrong. This drive is garbage... noisey and runs very hot.Worked fine for a few months and then became unstable. On/off button would work intermittently, hot swap is out of the question, BSOD (blue screen of death) became more frequent...until it finally quit.$400 for data recovery. Got 95% of the data back. Neither I nor my clients have time to wait 3 weeks for WD techs to muddle thru it.My best guess is that when the ambient room temp is above 76F it just goes south, despite being in a well ventilated area.Listened to my IT guy this time and bought a Seagate FreeAgent instead. Silent, cooler, boots faster.
Not a lot to say here, aside from the fact that it's as good as other Hoya filters and produces three stops of filtering. Recommended.
I recently bought the iPod photo 30gig. After months of taking classes and recording them with a microcassette recorder, I decided that not only would an iPod Photo be cool for viewing photos, more song space, etc. (I replaced my mini ipod with this), but I could also run the Griffin iTalk and see how recording classes would go. It was awesome! After reading some reviews on amazon.com, I was skeptical. I read about how the battery goes low after an hour or so. This couldnt' be farther from the truth. Perhaps the reviewers had an older iPod that doesn't have such great battery life. My iPod photo boasted of fifteen hour talk time and after recording four hours of class, my iPod's battery is 3/4 full! Woohoo! And, thirty gigs is a lot of class time to record! Luckily the iPod makes it easy to save the classes to cds, so you can add or remove classes at your convenience. I hope this review helps you to make the awesome choice to buy this great product!
This thing crashes every time I try to use it, it doesn't hold a charge,and now the screen seems to be receiving signals when no one is even touching it. Don't bother with the Magellan, stick with Garmin or Tom Tom.
For a white kitchen, I debated between this and the ICF-CD523.The 513 won out with larger controls centered on the unit and a larger display. The inevitiable finger drips, too, won't dribble into a nice, white grille as they would on the 523. They'll dribble on to a smooth, easily cleaned surface.As for sound, for this purpose, it's perfect. No, it's not a high end unit. But if you've used Sony audio before, you'll appreciate the solid quality, almost intuitive controls - especially the CD section - and Mega Bass sound.FM reception's just fine, even with the antenna embedded in the power cord. I just ran it under the cabinet like you would...an antenna! &lt;doh!> No problem getting my "Morning Edition" fix or late nite jazz.Finally, you'll thank yourself for taking your time with the installation - measure twice, drill once.
In the past three years I've purchased two of these devices and placed each in the back-end of the mailbox to send an alert when the mailman arrives. Both quit working in 18-months or less -- this with sending a signal only twice a day, six days a week. I also find that the 9-Volt transmitter battery last just a few months. In my opinion, I do not find this device to be very productive or worth the money. Try something else or do without since the manufacturer has not created a very reliable and dependable device.
After a year-and-a-half's use, I've upped the rating to five stars...Sony finally got it all just about right with this styling/engineering departure, particularly after a string of other disappointing boombox products:*Most obvious is the choice of CD on the front and, in the style of their legacy portable shortwave, cassette on the back. A very smart move...literally.*And then they put the battery compartment on the bottom because, honestly, you're going to access the front and back (CD or cassette) more often than the batteries. Smart again!*Controls are on top where they're supposed to be.*Uses C batteries instead of D. Saves weight and size. Each battery, too, has it's own compartment should you leave one in that leaks. Hey, it happens sometimes. Since the compartment is already on the bottom, guess where the leak will go? Out!...not into the electronics. This is the clever Sony thinking I'd expect.*Antenna completely retracts for protection from inadvertent bending.It feels substantial and sturdy. Sound is very good for what this is. I use it in the garage and driveway to listen to older tapes and CDs. This won't replace your several-hundred-dollar Bose, but who'd want to put the Bose in the garage anyway?I also like the 60s retro styling touch of the curved handle. I just wish it was metal instead of plastic. In line with the retro style, I'd have preferred to see knobs for volume/tuning. And, I could use a slightly more readable display.For those minor, minor points, I'd give it 4.5 out of 5.
I purchased the VN-4100 in Jul 2007 and was pleased with it's overall performance and operation until I had to replace the dead batteries for the third time -- nothing but "ERR" comes up on the screen and nothing will overcome this problem -- now it is junk.
I got this camera because I wanted to upgrade from my super old 1 mega pixel camera. Cameras have come a long way and this camera is really all you need. I bought this because I found it on sale for what I thought was a great deal. After I brought it home and discovered all its features, I feel like it was a steal for the price!This camera has 5 mega pixels. It's incredibly small and pretty easy to use. There are so many ways to take pictures with this little gem. You can take a split screen, like a before and after in one shot, you have a macro zoom and can get in as close as two inches from your subject, you can change your pictures to black and white or brown and white, you can take pictures with special frames like a heart or traveling images which would be fun for a scrapbook. What I absolutely love about this camera is that you can even record digital movies with sound on this! I had no idea it could do this when I bought it, imagine my surprise! The movies typically range from 30 seconds to two minutes, but if you get a large memory card, I think you are able to expand on the video recording time.There are a couple of cons. I wish they would have included a card with the camera. So if you get this, buy a card or you'll be stuck with just a few pictures. There is no User Manual included which is a major pain. You do get a CD with the manual in a PDF format, but I prefer to flip through a little pocket sized book and not waste my own time and paper printing out a manual that's over 100 pages. There are so many features that the menus are a little hard to remember where everything lives, but with practice, I'll get the hang of it which is why I would have liked a pocket sized manual instead of the PDF. It also doesn't come with a little carrying case which would have been nice.I would highly recommend this camera if you are planning a trip or are a new parent (especially with the video feature), or are just looking for a new small camera that's fully loaded.
Unlike some other comments, absolutely no problem here under Win7 and using Dell docks. The other machine is XP. Particularly useful when migrating with the Easy Transfer function. A couple taps on that unused Scroll Lock key easily bounced me back and forth.The only trick - if there is any - is to make sure your primary machine (denoted by a single dot on the main connector) is on. The KVM will not fire up/control the secondary machine otherwise.As for PS2, no way will I part with my PS2 Logickeyboard. USB mouse? No problem. (Machines live inside desks here, therefore, no IR). A simple, cheap, pass-thru adapter worked fine, including scroll functions. You may have to run through a reboot for XP to recognize it.Can't say enough!
It appearred esy to setup. The docs said "requires an IDE drive" so I plugged one in (an old one). It didn't work and I found this in the help:"If the green LED blinks 4 times at 1~2 second intervals, there is an ATA5 or older IDE hard disk plugged to SC101 that is not supported. SC101 works only with ATA6 or newer IDE hard disks."
These headphones are just OK. You need a battery in order to work them. If your battery goes out, then your noise canceling effect will not work.The construction on these is extremely Poor. I have lost all but one of my earbuds while traveling and can't find the replacement parts anywhere. I contacted Philips directly to see if I could get them through Philips and you can't. I basically got the run around from Philips and they couldn't even tell me who for sure carried the earbuds. If the earbuds come off easily and can easily be lost, then you should be able to buy the replacement parts as well. If you get these, I suggest you glue the earbuds on so that you don't go through the circus I'm going through of trying to find the replacement silicone parts.
I bought this for my wife for her birthday, and was a little worried about how she would like it as she is not very technically inclined. She loves it and has completely mastered the various features quite easily. The size is pefect for sticking in her purse or pocket, and the provided necklace is a much more convenient way to wear it than some of the lanyards that you have to buy in order to wear other MP3 players. 512MB holds way more music than I expected and I am glad that I didn't buy the 1G as I am sure she never would have used all that memory. The rechargable battery is a big plus too It recharges off your computer through the USB, she simply plugs it into our PC everynight before bed and it is all ready to go the next day, way better than my old unit that requires new 'AAA's every month. She is so happy with it that I am buying another for myself.
It's very simple to print in black and white and save the color ink for when you really want to use it. Pull out the color ink cartridge. When you hit print you'll have one button to push to tell the printer to print anyway and that's all there is to it! Since I print many pages of college level papers I find this printer to be so good that I'm ordering a second one. I broke the first one's glass by knocking a tv table into it but it still works! The cartridges last a long time, a person with no technology know-how whatsoever can use it (me, I admit it) and the person who really knows computers will love it too. I can't speak highly enough of the quality of the print and photographic work and the cartridges are available everywhere. I got a free Dell printer with my laptop but I want another HP. Also, I can copy pages from books since the top can accomodate thick hardcover books.
Listening through this is amazing. Bass is fantastic! Everything is so clear. I don't own much computer headphones but compared to my sony in-ear phones, these are amazing! Microphone works fantastic too, sounds clear. Once again, I love listening to music on this, even though my primary reason for buying was for mic (my Mac does not have audio-in). Bought one for a friend too.
I purchased this device and it failed completely in the first six months. It's been four days now and there is no support from Linksys on this device. The system LED is solid red, which means that it is dead. I'm up to 10 phone calls now and I can't get a human on the phone who is authorized to give me an RMA for this unit.There is no chat support for the NAS devices. No email support. No website forum support. SUPPORT IS NONEXISTANT.The Linksys community forums themselves have a number of people talking about having the same exact problems with their devices.I called the sales line because resellers can submit devices for RMA through the website without having to chase a human down. However, you have a to have a purchasing account with one of five major distributors. They want $100 application fee and all your bank information.I cannot stress enough what a piece of garbage this device is. It breaks only after 6 months of very light usage and the support is completely useless.I originally purchased this NSS6000 for the purposes of using it with 4 x 750 GB Seagate drives. The seagate drives were the ones listed on the "approved drives" list.I only had one user (me) accessing this device and not for the entire 6 months. For several months it sat unplugged and unused. For it to have failed after such a short time is totally unacceptable.The spec manual says that it is compatible with Active Directory. This is not true. I had 6 support incidents with Linksys support to try to resolve the lack of integration with Active Directory over the 6 month period. It never worked. Other people in the Linksys community forums have experienced this as well.
I have had mine for almost 2 years, and it has stopped printing black ink. Obviously time for a replacement, grrr. I never was completely happy with the unit. It constantly goes into a lengthy cleaning cycle before it prints. Very annoying when you want to quickly print off directions when you are late for an appointment. Extremely loud, and an ink hog (though you can buy cheap non brand name replacement cartridges). Print quality when working is near photo quality, and the unit is compact, but I REALLY expected more than 2 years of occasional use. And now I have 10 spare ink cartidges for a printer I need to replace.
I can't tell you how many of these slim jewel cases have cracked- very annoying. Very poor quality. I don't know what it is with the ones that come with the blank CDR's either. The slim cases I got with audio CD's in the past(mainly import CD singles) have had no problems, with much use. But these 3M's and the ones that come with most blank CDR's are horrible. I'd stick to normal jewel cases or buy a binder, unless you don't mind the ease in which these crack.
This monitor has an amazing picture, expecially considering the price range. It is reliable, and durable. It's also amazingly sleek, and is easy to use. Many other monitors in this price range usually end up having major glitches, but not this one. My school has hundreds of this same model, and they all work fine. This is great for anyone looking for affordable quality!
I was having serious issues w/ my 5 year old Toshiba modem. Just got this modem today, took only a few minutes to establish it w/ Cox, my ISP. Amazing difference. Plain and simple, you need a DOCSIS 2.0 modem. This model really was plug and play, had it going in 5 minutes w/ a cox communication rep.Big time worth the $65. This is a new unit as of mid 2007, amazon is usually good about taking off obsolete electronics.Check w/ your ISP if they are capable of DOCSIS 2.0, most are in metro centers. You just do not think about something as simple as a modem, however you should.You can do a speed test at speakeasy.net
This is a great product. First of all, it is TINY! So small, and light... you really want to take it everywhere with you. While some people complain about grainy picture in low-light or indoors situations, I really don't have any complaints; the video quality is amazing. The menus are easy to use, and quick to figure out... and quite a few options are available. Also, the ability to capture in widescreen is nice, but what is even nicer is that this camera has easy-to-use modes to help use different video sizes depending on what kind of television you are hooking it up to. And, I love the fact that I can convert analog video (VHS, etc) to digital. Also, this camera worked very well with my macintosh computers, and iMovie... and it was even usable as a webcam in Yahoo messenger.Overall, this is a great camera, and it is worth every cent. It is the perfect size, so you won't feel like you are "lugging" the camera along just to capture those special moments... and you can send things to VHS, or your computer for dvd... this is a great deal, and I would recommend it to anyone. I own many other canon products at home, and they are all great, and have lasted me many years.
This router has always acted strange with both of my macs. It seems like anywhere from every 7 to 20 minutes, it just stops loading internet signals... but stays "connected" to the computer. Which means I am constantly hitting "turn airport off" waiting 5 seconds, and then hitting "turn airport on" and it works again. SO, since this happens on both of my macs, obviously I would not recommend it to any mac user.For the most part, there are no PC related problems in my household. The only other problem with this router is something that developed a few months after purchase. It used to not matter which was turned on first: the modem or the router... but now our router is a spaz. It seems to get confused if it gets turned on first. So the only way ANY of the computers (wired/wireless, pc/mac/xbox) can connect to the internet is if the modem is turned on first, and you wait for it to connect entirely to the internet... and then you can plug in the router. This used to be really frustrating because our modem would disconnect often... so we would have to turn that off, then on, wait for it to connect, and then turn the router on.Overall, this router takes the convenience out of wifi through the hassles that it presents. Don't buy it. I would definitely recommend that Apple wireless router... but that's a bit expensive, so just LOOK AROUND. In any case, just don't buy this one. It's a piece of junk.
Nice gaming mouse. The weights that you insert into the body of the mouse really gets you a perfect weight. I resent software upgrade did fix the one pesky glitch on the mouse. Before, every time you rebooted, you would have to reset the speed, easy to do, but was jut annoying. The software patch fixed it.The cord is super light weight, and corded mice are much better for gaming or CAD design. Cordless mich lose LOS and are not as responsive.Overall, after a year of use, it has proven to be a good buy.
The price on Amazon is awesome for these, but I would even be willing to pay the "list price" of around $60 for them because they are great speakers. (I bought them like two years ago for about $35, though). Anyways... these speakers are so clear, and they have so much depth. I love listening to them. The subwoofer, however, takes the cake. It is amazingly powerful and makes listening to music a very fun experience. I can't believe how great these speakers and subwoofer are for the price. I would recommend them to anyone--The sony speakers that came with my computer (including a sony subwoofer) are so shallow and weak sounding compared to these. I also really wish I could put these in my car, because the speakers are way better than those in my car. That is mainly because the speakers in my car are about shot... but you get the idea. How many people would want to put a set of computer speakers in their car? Not many, unless they've experienced these logitech speakers. They really will get the job done SUPER WELL for anyone. Don't waste your money on more expensive speakers because these things are great.
1) CORD a: Yes, the cord on one side is longer than the other so that you can either put the cord behind your neck or let it hang under your chin. This is a feature. If you don't think you'll like this design, then these headphones may not be for you. I do wish it was just a tad longer however. An additional couple of inches would help when wearing thicker clothing.2) CORD b: These headphones are short-cord style headphones, with an extension cord. The short-cord style is ideal for many current portables that come with a wired remote so that you don't have an extra 6-10 inches of tangled cord. For those who don't need it to be short, the extension should give you plenty of extra length.3) EARBUDS & COMFORT: The earbuds are made of silicon and the degree of comfort may differ for everyone. Personally, these are significantly more comfortable than *ANY* in-ear headphones I have ever worn. I have not however, tried the Shure or Etymotic's, but then again, I'm not reviewing $120 headphones. Also, some of you may not like how far down the ear you have to insert these. It practically sits in your ear canal. I don't mind however. My only complaint about the silicon buds is that it picks up a lot of particles, from your ears or just dust sitting on the desk. Might want to give them a good wipe with a wet paper towel now and then.4) SOUND: The frequency response specs on these are pretty impressive. Hooked into my MP3 player or MiniDisc player, I am pleased with the sound quality, which is mostly rock-based, pop, and some trance. The bass is very very good. So good, that I turned the bass boost on my MD down. I usually have to compensate for poor bass, but with the MDR-EX71SL's, not so.5) ACCESSORIES: The MDR-EX71SL comes with 3 different sized earbuds, a 3 foot extension cord, a plastic case for the headphones, and another piece of plastic which I think is supposed to enclose the headphones or help wind the length of the cord(not sure yet).6) MISC: I read one reviewer mention, "South Korean-made, Sony badged" and I'm not sure what that has anything to do with it. Sony hasn't made their products in Japan for a long time, less some of their higher end equipment. These are not rebadged headphones.SUMMARY:If the features of these headphones appeal to you, I am confident that you will be satisfied, or even very happy with them. And it's hard to beat Amazon.com's price. I have a fairly discerning ear and I like them very much. I also own Grado's and Koss Pro headphones. If you can afford to pay 4 times more for headphones, then it's likely you will enjoy the Shure's or Etymotic's, but I for one would rather save the money. If you're like me, then I think the MDR-EX71SL's are worth a listen. If ultimate sound quality is your objective and price is no barrier, you might be happier with the higher end cans like the Etymotic's.
I gave my hardly used Sony Clie T615C to my fianc&eacute;e and was using my old Palm III until I bought the Zire 21. I realized after owning a Palm III, Handspring Visor, Palm Vx, Sony Clie T615C, that all I really need a PDA for is addresses, notes, and scheduling. I don't need a camera, mp3 player, video player, web browser, etc. So the Zire 21's features and even lack of, were a good match for my needs, especially at the $99 price point.True, the display is black and white and the 160x160 resolution is inferior to a B&amp;W Clie. But what does that really mean? I have NO problems reading text on the display. It is infinitely better than my old Palm III's screen. The only major drawback to the screen is the lack of a backlit option. Impossible to see in the dark or dimly lit room.Considering I'm only storing addresses, notes and appointments, 8MB is PLENTY with room for a few extra applications and games. No expansion possibilty however.The lack of color display vastly improves the battery life of the built-in lithium ion battery. I should be able to go nearly a month or more on a full charge. My color Clie couldn't go an entire week. The USB hotsync cable also acts as a trickle charger. My only complaint here is I wish they would've figured out a way to put the charging cable and hotsync cable into a single cable. Because of the lack of a cradle, I have to deal with two separate cables. However, this is a benefit for traveling. I used to have to take my Clie's cradle and giant power brick with me on trips.I have not had any of the same problems described by other reviewers regarding random resets, as of yet. And the 90 day warranty is pretty skimpy for an electronics product and reminds me of Sony. It'd be nice if they would stand behind their products, even if it is their entry-level product. Still, the Zire 21 is a very elegant and simple PDA and an excellent choice for those who are looking for a basic Palm powered device. With the upgraded memory, OS and processor, it is much more attractive than the original Zire at the same price point.
1) The ipod nano does not have recording ability2) The ipod nano is too fragile3) The ipod nano is only $60 less than a real ipod.Do not waste your money on an ipod nano.
There isn't any way to adjust the neckband for better comfort. They will definitely slide off your ear if you put the back of your head against anything. There also isn't a means of adjusting the earpieces to fit them better to your ears. I am not real happy with the amount of buzzing/white noise in the background when I have them on. The noise gets even louder when you turn on the noise cancelling feature. The cord is also very short (3'9") which has caused problems for me when I use them. It would also be better if the noise cancelling unit was higher up on the cord. Its about exactly half way between the earphones and the jack. There is a clip on it but I can't seem to find much use for it. It does reduce noise a little but I don't think it does that good of a job for the price. I'd definitely suggest getting a better fitting pair of earphones.
The reason I gave this item 1 star is because if you buy an ipod you have no choice but to buy a $30 case with it.For a product selling at this rate, it is ludicrous for it to not include a GOOD (that works!) case or pouch to protect the item from damage. Let's face it, ipods are great, but they are very fragile.When you click "add to cart" remember that it is going to be at least $30 more than the price says, unless you want a screen you can't see through due to scratches (which of course the warranty doesn't cover). And I'm talking from light use, e.g. in a sweatshirt pocket.
This is the kind of lens that makes me wish Canon would understand their market better. Instead of putting out a 17-55mm zoom that everyone can afford, they put out a EF-S non pro lens at a pro price, which has serious quality control issues. Tamron, however, responded.This lens is quite sharp. It could definately be used for professional purposes. Sharp at 2.8 and much sharper above. After using this lens, the 17-40mm L, as well as the new EF-S 17-55mm, I can honestly say that Tamron beat out Canon in their own game in terms of quality for the money. Great optics, great range, affordable, and a SIX YEAR warranty, as opposed to Canon's weak 1 year warranty. Buy me.
These earphones are great from a sound quality standpoint. I think they also work well in terms of blocking out noise because of their tight fit. I like the fact that they don't add white noise to whatever you're listening to. I think the foam sleeves block out more noise than the others provided. I also think they're the most comfortable. I just wished that the foam sleeves and the wax guards didn't cost so much to replace (and is the reason for the 4 stars). It isn't so bad if you keep your ears really clean from wax buildup.
I just got mine today. No poor focusing problems mentioned by others. I tested it around the house and on a chart as well. No back or front focusing either. The lens appears very sharp. The lens is about $30 cheaper than anywhere else here on amazon. I'd reccomend it, but you might have to go through a couple of copies judging by all the other reviews.
The Wireless Range extender (WGXB102) did not work at all.Previously I used the NetGear bridge and access point, which didn't work.I have the Wireless Range N Max router, from NetGear.Only the electric LAN Range extenders worked. Basically, I couldhave purchased a cheap LAN router, because esentially I have thesame thing. I have a LAN cable connected to my wireless router, whichconnects to a LAN range extender. I purchased a NetGear LAN card formy other PC.If you are considering NetGear, I recommend just sticking with LANrouters/connections. There wireless does not seem up to spec. They alsodo not provide repeaters. NOTE: Only one Range N router supports wirelessaccess - bridge/access point connections).I wasted a lot of money using NetGear. Especially considering the USBadapter signals were terrible.*(The LAN extender is half of the WGX6102 (Non wireless part). Theydo sell this in pairs. I would highly recommend that, if you have wallsblocking the wireless routers.I really wouldn't recommend NetGear. They have limited repeater options.And there Range N Max does not support wireless - wireless access points.I had lots of difficulties with NetGear wireless, and I dohave walls separating different computers. I ended up usingthere LAN electical adapters.Bottom line, I would just use NetGear for LAN connections only.
Nothing but problems and more problems. Customer service is a joke and so is the non-existent product line. I don't know where to start. Customer service is what is making me want to get rid of these expensive desk decorations as these guys don't know their heads from their back ends.After 3 days of calling and Microsoft cancelling our account and all the hours upon hours of downloaded songs expiring and getting different "this is how you fix it" stories from many dingalings, we thought we finally got it running again. Not so. Microsoft couldn't reconnect my account after their shutting it down by mistake AND charging us for a month we never used, so we had to start over by opening a new account. (Our account was 7 months old and had a tremendous amount of downloaded songs... all were automatically "expired" so no using the Zune). Nothing would work on their software which kept coming up with our old accounts names and numbers (after re-signing up) and allowing anything to work. Old "tags" stay on the screen and new ones wouldn't come up and be added or replace these so we could access the songs. Our account showed the account as reopened but wouldn't allow us access to anything after charging our credit card TWICE to get it started again. It goes on and on with the help of several idiots at Microsoft which so far has wasted about 6 hours of my time and still they won't work again. All songs (we'd downloaded about 1,000 to our Zunes so they DID work for a month or two and it was almost nice) expired and we had to START EVERYTHING OVER. Like that would do any good. Obviously I'm incredibly frustrated with this as much money has been spent not only on 2 Zunes but cords, sets of new cords to replace ones that stopped working, monster cords to replace the new cords which also stopped working and a monthly $15 charge just to access songs that I can't get access to. ARGH!Anyway, I have had it. The $80.00 car charging/house charging set stopped working (cheap garbage), the cords that charge and connect to the pc don't work properly (sometimes work..sometimes do nothing) and it's nothing but a pointless hassle. Trying to find accessories was so frustrating I gave up. Radio Shack kept telling us "buy Ipod accessories, they ALL work with Zune". Right... Best Buy carried nothing but the Zune itself...oh...and Zune gift cards which the website wouldn't accept! We finally found ONE overpriced dock that has some sort of speaker system to project sound in their rooms. The huge price (When Ipod has loads of accessories and for 1/3 the price!) kept me from wasting my money. The only thing that's worked for more than a few months is the "monster charger" for the car. That is great. But unfortunately you need a crappy ZUNE to make it worthwhile. I hate these things and am ready to sell them on eBay for IPODS!! HORRIBLE! Beware before you buy as you apparently must have lots of time and $$ to waste!
Bought it for $15 more than this at a supposedly cheaper discount store. I guess I was duped. It's junk. Have had for 6 months and nothing on it works. Replaced with a "monster" car charger which works great...WHEN my Zune works. That's a whole other story. Anyway..don't waste your money.
This subwoofer is an amazing finish to my homestereo system. Its a great by for the amount of money you spend. I got them several years ago and they work as if i just hooked them up. You got 150 watts of power. For people who dont know thats the same amount of power used to run your television. All that energy used to blast out monster sound. Its an easy way to control with all the buttons and ect on the from. To set it up is a breeze took me 5 mins and i m not a very techincal person.
I ordered the RM6750 with based on the reviews and it was the best addition to my A/V ever. For $300.00 delivered I expected much less capable speakers. They outperformed my Sony system (which was twice the price)and the subwoofer was awesome. I am planning on a second set for the Master Bedroom. I don't think anybody could go wrong ordering these, they compare with much more expensive speakers.
I was amazed at the price for this home theater system with all the features it has. Upconversion looks pretty good. Sound quality is pretty good, but could use some tweaking (sometimes bass overpowers everything else). XM radio ready was what really got me excited about it and works good although sometimes its a pain in the [...] to read the info on the screen, it's real slow and usually cuts of the last part of the name of the song. After having this in my home for about 2 weeks I turned it on and shocked it. Well the whole screen went out and the volume knob no longer worked. I took the reciever/dvd player back and it was replaced no problem from Circuit City. Would have had to ship it back to Samsung and wait 2 weeks or more for them to fix it. So now I just make sure to use the controller to turn it on. Overall I'm very happy with it and for the price I dont think you can beat it.
I found one dead pixel on this TV, but I guess if you don't want dead pixels then you have to test it in a shop and buy one in a shop instead of buying it online. I also found that it takes some for the grey-to-black, you can see ghosting effect. Also, consistent with the other reviews, it doesn't come with very good speakers, so better use some external speakers. I game a lot with my PS3 using this TV (the dead pixel still annoys me a lot, I guess when you get a Full HD you kinda demand perfection), and somehow it's harder to see the images when there's a lot of sunlight, requiring me to sit closer (and I have 25/20 vision). Overall, this is a good TV comparing price for price with other brands. With Sharp' new Kameyama state-of-the-art factory though, you'd think that they would have up-ed their quality a bit more.
This is so much better than iTrip if you live in a city. I get so many stations that it is almost impossible to find three static stations in a row (which you need to get iTrip to function properly). This means that you have to change iTrip stations constantly (which is annoying, not to mention dangerous!), or worse, on some days you can't even use iTrip. The cassette adapter is so much easier and you get better sound as well. It is worth having a tape player installed in your car especially if you happen to live in a city.
So far, so good with this item. I chose it after considerable study of reviews of various products. For the price, this does virtually everything I want. I knew from the get-go that this recorder would not produce DVDs that would be playable universally. That will be a drawback for many people, but at this price I can't complain. The quality of reproduction is surprisingly good, and the ease of editing out unwanted segments (and recombining segments) is rather astonishing. One can't move material around; it will always stay in the same order, but the ability to excise commercials is a boon and saves space on DVDs. As long as this product keeps functioning as well as it has (almost nonstop for several weeks), I'll be well pleased.
I read all the reviews and from all the brands this one seemed to be the best of the bunch. I agree, it is good. It was pretty small in size (which is good), easy to hook up and it worked with all my usb printers ( i have 4). They are all 2.0 so i'm not sure about the reviews saying if you pug in a 1.0 and the 2.0's drop down to all 1.0. I like it and i'm happy with my choice.
They're still working like new, which is great! I use them for my laptop, they're great for traveling because they're small & fit right into one of the small pouches inside my laptop case. They are a hard palstic, but are still comfortable. I can still hear what's going on around me when the volume is lower which i like.These are perfect if you need a small pair of earphones with good sound. I would definately recommend them!
I recently added the Sennheiser HD555,Sony MDR-V6, andSennheiser HD280 Proto my headphone collection. I have unintentionally amassed quite a collection of earphones and headphones. My sole purpose for the HD555 was to gain the best possible sound for watching television shows and DVD movies, while connected to my PC. Was the HD555 worth adding to my collection?PROS- Extremely comfortable- Fantastic sound, especially for video- Single-sided cord- Sweet value (buy 2!)- Good looking- User replaceable cord & pads- 50 ohms now, instead of 120, for better driving of portables and PC'sCONS- No case included- Lacks some bass- Replaceable parts crazy expensiveDespite my history of audio equipment ownership(Linn, NAD, Nakamichi, B&O;, etc.), I do not consider myself an audiophile or expert. I usually just go by what actual experts recommend and on occasion I will spend time sitting in a listening room comparing components. Despite my experience, I have paid very little attention to headphones, because until recently, I did not use them as frequently as speakers. I believe that I am guilty of frequently buying the wrong headphones. And I truly feel that many people are guilty of the same thing. I have come to the conclusion that my #1 priority in headphones is comfort, then sound quality at a close #2, with convenience being #3. I used to have the order completely backwards, which I now realize was a big mistake.COMFORTOf the 10 or so headphones I have owned (all under $100), the Sennheiser HD555 is the most comfortable pair I have ever worn. Compared to many full-sized headphones, they are light weight and the headband does not squish the top of my head. The velour earpads are the epitome of headphone comfort and will be hard for me to use any other earpads now. Eyeglass wearers will also find them comfortable. The pressure on my head and ears are fairly minimal, especially when compared to the closed HD280 Pro I had recently. The open HD555 also allows a bit of breathing as well so your ears won't sweat as much as closed cans. I can easily watch a couple of movies without fatigue. Remember, because these are open cans, they will leak sound out and you'll also hear outside noise. I wanted open headphones because I will use them in a quiet environment and can listen out for my wife and kids should they need my attention.SOUND QUALITYThe big mistake I have made in the past is thinking that sound quality trumped comfort. That is the reason I bought the HD280 Pro initially, despite all the comments about "vise grip" tightness. The HD555 is comfortable AND sound great. Anyone that tells you different is lying or have their nose's high in the clouds. Overall sound was very natural and detailed. I don't listen to music nearly as much as I used to but I do watch a lot of DVD's and videos on Hulu and Netflix streaming. The HD555 uses what Sennheiser refers to as a, "surround reflector", which they claim, "improves spatial sound characteristics." Believe it or not, it works. I also found music listening to be very enjoyable, but mostly for rock and other music that don't have heavy bass. Rap, techno, and trance sounded fine, but it wasn't nearly as fun to listen to as on my Sony MDR-V6, which has great bass, but is harsh in the highs. Despite the data sheet provided by Amazon.com, the HD555's are rated at 50 ohms of impedance. I believe they stopped production of the 120 ohm version around 2006. The 50 ohms are better for driving portables and PC's. There is also a lot of information on the Internet about modding these cans for arguably better sound. I personally like to keep my cans stock. Also remember to give them about 50-75 hours to break in. I've listed some of the materials I used to test the sound quality below. All source audio were Lame VBR encoded or FLAC encoded:Various Trance- DJ TiestoTristessa- Smashing PumpkinsSuddenly I See- KT TunstallEnter Sandman- MetallicaWithout Me- EminemEverything- Michael Bubl&eacute;The Way You Make Me Feel- Michael JacksonChains Of Love- ErasureHold On- Sarah McLachlanOmaha Beach scene in Saving Private RyanOpening scene in Star Trek (2009)CONVENIENCEConvenience to me really refers to how easy headphones are to use, store, and maintain. The single-sided cord is great to avoid messy tangles and general comfort, but they are also straight and not coiled. I personally prefer coiled because I use them in front of a computer. Coiled cords don't tangle and are easier to manage than non-coiled cables, but then again, these are audiophile headphones, not monitoring or DJ headphones. For those who use the HD555 with their actual home theater system, the straight cord is probably better to have. They do not fold up at all so an included pouch or case would have been nice for storage and travel. It is important to note that if you are looking at the HD555 for use with a portable, or in my case, a PC, that the cord terminates to a 1/4" headphone plug (the larger plug). It does come with a straight adapter to 3/8" plug (35mm small plug) but I highly recommend purchasing a flexible adapter to alleviate stress on the jack connector. Moreover, the headphone jack on my Logitech Z-2300 speakers would not take the included adapter because the overall size was too big. I could only plug it in directly to my sound card. I eventually purchased a flexible Grado adapter (which did not come with my Grado SR60). Lastly, the cord and earpads are user replaceable but holy mackerel are they expensive! The replacement parts are kind of hard to find as well. I would seriously rather buy a new pair of headphones than pay for the replacement parts, if for no other reason than to get another 2 years worth of warranty.SUMMARYIf I had to pick only one pair of headphones at the $100 or less price point, I would likely pick the Sennheiser HD555. The balance of comfort, sound quality and convenience, make them one of the better buys, in my opinion. I had the Grado SR60 for a few years but recently sold them because I tired of the way the ear cups attached to the headband. Unless you have specific reasons for looking at closed, monitoring or DJ headphones, I would steer clear of them no matter how good they sound. The Sennheiser HD555 is the best of all worlds in my opinion and I'm tempted to buy a 2nd pair just as backups. I enjoy them that much!
This turntable works pretty well, I have a Mac so it was basically plug and play. I used to have to hook up a mixer and another turntable to get my vinyl xfered. The sound quality is great, nice and loud and clear. I didn't have any hum as some of the reviewers said. Every once and awhile i get a feedback type sound but unplugging it and re-plugging it fixes that. The only complaint is that it doesn't come with a cover.
I just received, and used this lens at a wedding last weekend. I was not thrilled with the results. I expected sharp, snappy contrasty images but they weren't - just okay.I then mounted the camera with this lens on a tripod, switched off the VR and autofocus and took a series of left, right and center pictures at different f stops of a distant sign with lots of lettering. I was even more disappointed as the left edge was blurry, and the images got better tto the right of the frame and not the center as expected. I hope that this is a sign of a defect, and not sloppy manufacturing.This lens is bargained priced, with the VR feature which seems to work, but at least in my instance the image quality is poor. When, and if I can get a replacement lens I'll update this message after taking the same test shots.
This wide angle converter lens is awesome. The build quality is first class, and the images are superb. Crystal clear shots and a lot more of the world fits into each shot as well. I bought this for my HG10 camcorder and it works beautifully with it. It would have to be the best screw mount I've used - the lens screws onto the front of the camcorder's lens like the mount was made of silk.Having said that, other reviewers weren't kidding about the weight of this lens; it weighs a ton! After all, quality this high comes at some expense, both in price and weight. Screwing it onto the front of the HG10 makes it even more top-heavy than the HV20 would be, as the HG10 is a lighter camcorder. I find, however, that if I use my free hand to support the lens, I get steadier shots with the added weight. One hand supports the camcorder body and one hand supports the lens. No problem with that, is there?If you feel your HG10 isn't giving you wide enough shots - especially if you shoot landscapes and architecture - then this converter lens will be a God-send. The huge price tag is definitely worth paying.
I bought this drive one year ago to upgrade a Dell Inspiron E1505 laptop. Replacing it was a breeze just a few tiny screws and it was installed. The drive is quiet and very fast. Increased the overall speed of the laptop a bit too.I haven't had any problems at all, no strange sounds or glitches or missing/corrupt data. I am very pleased with it!!
I now use a laptop as my main computer rather than a stand alone PC. That means that I can't install any circuit cards to perform needed functions like I/O so I have to work with what's in the laptop. I found that I was often connecting USB connnectors to my laptop to perform these I/O functions. I became concerned that connnecting and disconnecting connectors would eventually wear out the USB connectors on my laptop and that they couldn't be replaced. So, I purchased this USB Port as essentially a "connector saver". I plug the USB Hub into my PC and then plug the USB things, like my external backup hard drive, into the Hub. I already have a Bluetooth USB adapter and a USB mouse plugged into other laptop USB ports so I am limited as to how many USB devices I can plug in to my laptop. So far, this Hub has worked just fine. I like the fact that it is "powered" so I don't have to rely on my laptop to supply the power. Bottom line, it works okay and the price is good.
I did my research on filters because I wanted the best clarity with no loss of sharpness and this lens is all that. Its made of glass and brass and doesn't hurt sharpness or shutter/aperture speeds. I was going to get the Hoya pro HD but read that this was made thinner and slightly better.
I have only used one of the two in a Nikon D-80 so far. It is directly readable by my 9 of 2 reader built into my lcd screen, although I have not installed the Nikon software on my computer. This product allows me to take picture at four to five frames a second. It also holds 500 hi-res pictures per card. Since they were about $20 each, they were a good buy.
I used to use DB series connectors quite a bit in the "old" days of computing. Now, everything is either wireless or USB. Currently, I'm trying to get a 20 year old computer back up and I needed an RS-232 interface using the DB-9 connectors like on this cable. I used to make my own cables but, for this price, it's not worth the time even if you already have the parts. There are always two important considerations when buying cables like this, the pinout and the gender of each end. The gender was fine. Pins 2 and 3 are the RX and TX lines on one end and must mate with the corresponding TX and RX, respectively, on the other end. Since there wasn't any wiring diagram, I didn't know how the cable was actually wired so I just took my chances. There are also other pins used for "handshaking", which I did not need. So, I don't know whether or not they were "wired" in this cable but I have to assume so. I could have simply "rung out" the cable, but I'm an old man and rigging cables means less time for doing things I really have to do. After I had hooked up one end to my PC, I used a scope to verify whether pin 2 or 3 was the TX line. It was correct for what I needed and communications between my PC and RS-232 simulator worked fine. I have purchased a number of things from "Cables to Go", mostly through Amazon, and have found them to be of high quality and very reasonably priced especially when you get free Amazon shipping if you have "Amazon Prime".
I'm trying to get a 20 year old microcomputer back up again. It requires a serial terminal interface which I no longer have (because I stupidly gave away the VT100 type terminal I used to communicate with it). Rather than buy one that would be expensive and of little future use, I started looking for a more modern solution. Having been working in electronics for many years, I have learned that one can get lucky and everything works okay the first time. Failing that, troubleshooting digital hardware can be difficult and time consuming. As a learning experience with new hardware and to simplify getting the basic RS-232 communication link back up, I purchased an Arduino processor board and an RS-232 "shield" to go with it. The shield simply converts the digital levels from the Arduino to RS-232 levels. These Arduino products are great, very flexible, and relatively cheap. Programming software is free and the language used is more or less "C". Plenty of programming examples are in existence. So, I was able to get the Arduino's RS-232 output going (looping output data) which I first looked at with a scope. Next, I brought up an old tower PC running XP. I started using this computer because it had a DB-9 RS-232 port and a terminal program known as "Hyperterminal". After XP, Hyperterminal has to be purchased separately. Hooking up to the PC and Hyperterminal worked just fine. Next, I wanted to get rid of the tower PC and run things from a small ACER netbook portable. This is where the Trendnet product comes in since the ACER doesn't have a DB-9 port. I was hoping the driver for this device would install automatically but it didn't so I had to use the supplied CD. Since the ACER didn't have an internal CD drive, I hooked up and external one through a USB port and loaded the driver without incident. If you don't have an external drive, I imagine you could use another computer to load and then send the file over your LAN. The next stumbling block was that Hyperterminal was NOT installed on my ACER. Rather than try to figure out why, I looked on line and found another (free) terminal program called RealTerm. Hooking the Trendnet to the Arduino DB-9 and an ACER USB port worked fine. The only thing I noticed, which could be a problem for some, was that no "thumbscrews" were provided on the Trendnet DB-9 end. This end stays mated okay with the DB-9 end on the Arduino, but I don't particularly like to leave DB connectors unsecurred to each other. One could use a short jumper cable, but who needs extra work and cost. Over the years, I have purchased several other Trendnet products and found that they generally did what was advertised and were of good quality for the price.
I purchased this item to consolidate all my power strips into one. My older protector used to shut off if it was moved slightly so I had to get that replaced. The 6 outlets (3 on each side) accommodate the larger and unwieldy plugs you may have. With 12 total outlets, there are plenty of spots for all of your devices in your home theater setup. Doesn't hurt that it includes a coaxial input/output for protecting your antenna from any surges. Can't find any complaints on this one. Works as expected. 5 stars.
I've had this printer for a little less than a year and have found it to be a truly excellent buy. I want to pat myself on the back for buying this thing. Razor sharp text, fast printing, and price are its strong points. Rickity paper/envelope feed, image quality, and toner price/availability being its major downfalls. In all if faced with the decision I would either buy this printer again or its newer more aesthetically pleasing younger brother, the Konica-Minolta/QMS 1350W.
I purchased this camera to take photos of wild birds, it exceeds my expectations. It is an extraordinary camera with a Leica lens. Photos are sharp, clear and true to color.It is very user friendly. With the built in stabilizer feature it is difficult to take a blurred photo. I am exceptionally pleased to own this camera.
I do not have any issue with the product. All pieces are working so far (more than half year), especially when I found out many similar products come with much higher prices.
i like the clarity of details I get with this lens. A little disappointed the it does not seem as fast as a 1.8 should be, otherwise I would have give it a 5
I do not notice a change in sound quality and it stays plugged in. This is the best price I could find and it works great. Shipping was fast.
This printer worked great with OS X without any of the hassles my previous HP printers had with it, and in all other ways it was great.And then one day there was a paper jam.Just one paper jam.And just that paper jam caused the print heads to come out and under them was some kind of spring mechanism I couldn't figure out or fix and I just threw the damned thing away.If it's that fragile it's not worth spending even half the price on. Buy something else.
Pros:Tiny, take-anywhere size. Smaller than my palm, just fits in my front pants pocket.Controls well-positioned, intuitive, and one's not apt to accidently invoke unwanted functions.The Microdrive - works well here (and the 2 GB versions have been working well for laptop backups for awhile now).Built-in multi-mode flash for stills.Dual media: one slot holds one Microdrive or Compact Flash card, and another holds one SD card - you can direct video, pix, or voice recordings to specific slots.Video quality under normal conditions is good, handles lighting and focus transitions well.Quiet operation, no noise when zooming, good sound pick-up, special wind-noise reduction feature.Transfer to PC with USB cable or just swap the Microdrive (btw, you'll need a Compact Flash adapter that can handle the thicker Type II format).Cons:Start-up: takes a few extra seconds (longer than our Sony DCR PC100 MiniDV tape cam).Faded colors in low light conditions (not as capable as the Sony for video, but better with stills).For us older types, you'll need your reading glasses - but that comes with the tiny form factor.File naming: each video produces two files, one with extension .MOD and a small file of type .MOI. Rename the .MOD file on your PC to .MPG and Windows Media Player will handle it fine. Don't know if/how the bundled applications use the .MOI files.Conclusions:Overall, I'm pleased with the gadget's performance. I find I'm using it more than our previous machine - now five years old and small for that time, but twice the size of the JVC. Won't be shooting video in the dark or even when the light gets dim with the JVC, though. If convenience is a high priority then this machine is a good choice.
Despite what has been written about this item I found it to be a great buy. The bass is very good for a home office/bedroom setting. If you are expecting a system good enough to play movie-theather like THX soundtracks on then you may be disappointed but it has been good enough for me. I use it to play games and watch an occasional movie and i have no complaints.The one and only drawback for this item is that the volume control for the subwoofer is on the back of the subwoofer so you may find yourself crawline on the floor a few times to get it right. Also, you may find that the wires are a bit short but a trip to radio shack can cure that.My experience has been with a new Dell with a Creative Labs 5.1 sound card.
I received this as a gift and have not been disappointed.Pros:-Accurately provides movie sounds through the proper channel-Interprets DTS & Dolby Pro Logic tracks-Has coax inputs for DVD player-Determines proper mode based on program's encoding (if provided) or you can override and select your own-Allows for you to enter distance from you to each speaker for better sound quality-Small speakers are nice to look at but provide good sound-Addditional channel for "Main" music speakers if desired (A & B Speaker channel selectors)-Subwoofer kicks - worth the money-Independently powered subwoofer provides more power-Easy hookup and tons of Aux ports (I have a DVD, Tivo, DirecTV receiver, and VCR connected without issue)Cons:-No wireless setup for rear speakers-No onscreen menus (menus are accessed through LCD panel on front)-Does not work with Tivo remote: requires the use of the stereo's remote (probably a limitation of Tivo but thought I'd mention it anyway)-Subwoofer requires coax cable (not speaker wire) and the cable provided is about 3 feet (probably need to buy another cable)-Provided remote is clunky, buttons are hard to find and nothing about it is intuitiveOverall it is a good system. I am very happy with it.
I recently purchased this universal remote to try to avoid the seemingly endless pile of remotes I have with my current set up. Nearly every electronic component comes with it's own remote and frankly, most of the keys on them are useless but there they sit on your coffee table taking up space. As always, Amazon shipped the item well packaged and it arrived earlier than expected.The instruction manual is well written with a few examples of common set ups. The list of codes is quite large so most will be able to find their components without too much of an issue. I programmed my dish network remote, TV remote, DVD remote and DVR remote without incident and within about fifteen minutes. The guide and info buttons for the satellite work fine as do the basic TV functions. I also programmed the learning keys to operate certain items for the TV and DVD features. Programming the learning keys was almost as easy as programming the initial set up, you just have to press a few more buttons and of course, your original remote has to be in functioning order. I have not tried the macro buttons as of yet.The remote works flawlessly though I wish some of the buttons were laid out a little differently...most noticeably the "input" button should be larger and located at the top of the remote but that is just my personal preference. Instead, it's kind of tucked away at the bottom so you have to look for it and it's used constantly. Also, this thing is huge and bordering on bulky...you'll definitely notice if it's stuck in the couch cushions. So that could be a plus or minus, depending on how you look at it. The remote itself is not exactly state of the art though it's decent to look at and once you pop in the batteries (4 AA: not included so make sure you have them on hand), it feels a bit more solid. The buttons are small so I wouldn't recommend for anyone that can't see small writing well. There is no subtitle button on the remote however you can program this as a learning key function if need be. There is no back light or lighted keys so if you like to watch movies in the dark, you'll need to learn the layout, though the basic DVD keys are arranged well and located at the top.For the price, you can't go wrong. Yes, there are higher end and much higher priced remotes out there that will operate your home theater and make you coffee at the same time (or at least they should for the price) but I really don't need a glowing screen and some battery gobbling toy that probably costs more than my DVD player did. For ease of use, functionality and of course the low price, I am quite pleased with this remote and would recommend it to anyone looking to simplify things and clear off their coffee table.
I was a little wary of this machine based on the reviews by users who could not finalize their recordings. I had no such problem. I went to the local RiteAid and bought 25 Maxell DVD-R8x blanks and have recorded and finalized (you have to finalize to play it on another machine) six with no problem.I have a 56" rear projection TV and if I want the recording to look just as sharp as the original, I have to use the XP (one hour per disk mode.) The two hour mode is good, but it is simply not as sharp a picture.
It's a great concept, but my unit wasn't recognized by any of my 3 PC's, despite hours of work with tech support and even trying a second unit. One of my PCs runs XP (they had no idea why this computer didn't recognize the Magpix) and the others run Win98 (which they said sometimes has problems with the Magpix, although they don't say that in their marketing literature). They gave me my money back, but refused to refund the shipping charge as promised, and in addition I wasted several hours and the cost of mailing two units back to them. I suggest waiting for the next version, or even better, for a better company to introduce a similar product.
I echo all the praise -- far and above the best charger if you are willing to take a few minutes to learn how to use it.
I purchased this printer specifically to print DVDs for my small video production business. The CD/DVD printing software that came with the printer sucks. It's horrible! It's non-functioning and laughable at best. Trying to contact HP about this was a waste of time so I had to purchase a third party software. I work on the Mac so I bought DiscLabel. DiscLabel works great! The printer works great! All is well.
I enjoy using my new Adesso wireless USB keyboard. I will share a few pieces of advice to save you some frustration. First, be sure to let the USB dongle search for driver updates before attempting to use the keyboard. The search process may take a few minutes! Second, be sure the NUMBER KEYPAD select key is NOT selected. I tried many, many times to login to my computer and I kept getting a "password incorrect". The alternate number keys are on top of the letters!!! Now that I know about this minor issue, there aren't any problems. The keyboard is just the right size for my HTPC tasks. If you are planning to use this keyboard as your primary keyboard to do serious word processing, this is not the keyboard you want.
Once you use this trackball, you will NEVER go back to using mice, ever again!No more lifting up the mouse, placing it down, then going up with it again to get to the top of the screen, just keep moving the ball and the unit and your hand STAY on your desk, no more lifting!Do NOT use the software that comes with this for assigning features and such to the buttons, it causes programs and computer to crash all the time. Just install the DRIVER, if needed, but use the mouse adjustements in the CONTROL PANEL of windows for fine tuning, you don't NEED the software that comes with this, and not only do you not NEED it, it will CAUSE problems!Several recording studios tried to use this great trackball with the Steinberg AUDIO CUBE, and said it did not work. I said hogwash, and installed and used this trackball on an AUDIO CUBE without problem, because I did NOT use the included software!When I explained this to the other studios, they found they were able to use this trackball just fine without the software too, the software CAUSED the problems that would not let it work with that program or computer.And the last thing you need is another program running in the background using up your computer's resources! Windows ALREADY HAS software for a mouse included on your computer NOW, so you are already set!I have used this trackball at work, and have the same one at home, and used them for over 10 years and would never use anything else.The BALL inside this is the exact size of a Pool (Billiards) Ball, so you can just lift the ball out with your hands, and drop in an 8-ball if you want.You can draw, and trace out objects in photoshop with this that you can NOT do as well with a mouse.For Digital Audio Workstations, or Photoshop / Graphics design, you MUST have this trackball, nothing else is acceptable.The 4 switches are quality MICROSWITCHES that never wear out and give you that perfect tactile feel so you KNOW you are activating the switch. The same type of quality microswitches in arcade video games.There really is NO trackball or mouse on the planet that even comes close to this one. This one IS THE best.
This is my first digital camera. I researched it thoroughly and for the features this is a GREAT price. PCWorld also said that it had the best overall image quality indoors and outdoors. This is definitely true of my pictures.One thing it's lacking that I really wish it had was audio with the movies.It's a little heavier than most digital cameras but not much more than film cameras. So carrying around will feel no different. I kind of prefer the extra weight which isn't much to begin with.Don't buy a DC input adapter for it. It calls for 6.5V, center positive but any 6V center positive adapter with the right connector will do.It's very easy to use and wait between shots is minimal on the default setting. It's pretty slow on maximum setting but that makes sense since it has to store to the smartmedia.Don't regret buying this camera at all.btw, for first time buyers like myself, if you don't plan to print much, 640x480 resolution (taken by 1 MP cameras) WILL do. I didn't quite believe all I read, but the images aren't all that bad.
I researched a long time for the perfect PDA. I went to stores to look at all the possible ones to see what is best for my needs. They are all basically the same. What sold me on the Edge was that it was slim and it was stylish.Ever since I bought this, I am able to stick to schedule and it reminds me of important dates or when my library books are due. This is no different in operation from any other Visor and PalmOS based handheld.My only complaint is the part that connects to the stylus fell off, although, the stylus still manages to stay on. It could probably use a better design.For more power, more storage, and a color screen, you might consider the Clie. I chose the Edge because it was cheaper and I wanted something bare to maximize battery life.My Edge has also kept me occupied during long plane trips and waits because of the many games available to PalmOS.
the size is awesome, I would give a 5 star. However, the IR, at night, is trash, you could not see anythbing, so it's not a night camera. I would give a 0, and the angle view of the lense, doesn't cover much, for a security camera, it's not worth it. For recreational purposes, I would say maybe. Not what I expected.
First off, after reading reviews here about low battery life, I have used this unit now for three days of geocaching, doing 3 or 4 geocaches per day, PLUS all the time to learn the unit, program in coordinates from home, etc. I am STILL on the first set of batteries, and still have 2 out of 4 on the battery meter.But then again, I use alkaline batteries, not the rechargable gimicks that only have 1.2 volts per cell rather than 1.5 of a REAL battery, and never last long in any device.ALSO... there is a BATTERY SAVE feature in the menu that you can select, that I guess the others never bothered to find or read the manual about. This turns the receiver part on and off that is not noticeable to you at all, and I recommend leaving it on, unless you are trying to get accurate to one foot, which might be harder to do with the battery save feature on.I leave the battery save feature on until about 50 feet from the cache, then turn it off so I can zero in to the exact foot of the cache.That's right. I am able to go in and narrow to the exact foot of the cache.What you have to do, is when you get around 15 feet, start walking REAL SLOW! Because if you keep walking fast, you will pass it as the counter keeps going if you are walking fast.If you pass it, just keep walking about 15 feet, turn around and try comming back REAL SLOW, following the arrow step by step, and you should have no problem getting right to the exact coordinates. I sure don't have any problem doing so.Walk slow so you can see the distance go down one foot at a time, until you are at ZERO. Many caches I have found were exactly at the location the Geko 101 led me to. There were a few caches that were 10 feet off, but that was the fault of the people who hid the cache that didn't get the exact coordinates right with their GPS units. This unit led me to the left side of a real small bridge about a foot away from the edge, and when I went under the bridge, the cache was in that EXACT spot under where I was standing on the bridge when I got to zero on the Geko.The coordinates are only as good as the people and thier GPS units that hide the caches. If they have an old GPS that isn't as accurate, or don't measure the exact location accurately, and YOU use the best, most expensive and accurate GPS unit available, you are NOT going to get right to the cache, because the hider made a mistake in plotting the cache coordinates!I have been waiting for YEARS for GPS units to come down in price, and wanted one with street maps, but they just will not come down in price. And on Ebay, you only find used ones that actually end up selling for MORE than I can buy one on Amazon!Auctions are nothing more than contests where participants compete to see who can pay the MOST for something.Finally got this as a gift, tested it out with Geocaching, and it is more than perfect for the job. And you don't really need streets and maps in parks and woods, as they don't show trails anyway, only streets.You make your OWN trail maps automatically with this unit as you walk around.I even use it while driving to find the Geocache sites, and even without roadmaps, you can figure it out just by folloing the big arrow, and watching the miles go down. It even has the ability to tell you exactly how many minutes you have left, or what your arrival time will be. Even when you are walking on trails.It is nice and small and perfect for Geocaching as not too many people will notice it. It is the exact size of a tiny cell phone, so you can quickly hold it to your head as if you are talking, and people will just think it is a phone. Only the top half is yellow, the other side is dark.NICE rubberized parts on the unit. I can just set the thing down on the dash of the car, and it does not slide around. Sure, I can't see the display with it flat on the dash, but it stays put, until after I make the complex turn or whatever, and then can pick it up again.There are optional mounts you can get for the car, but I like the one for bike handlebars.So many times I find neat secret areas on bike trails and have a hard time finding them again. Now I can just plot the locations, title them with an alphanumeric name, and next time, this unit will lead me right to my favorite spots on or off the bike trails, even letting me know how much farther I have to go in miles or minutes.When you get down to .1 mile, it jumps to around 500 feet and counts down the rest of the way in feet.Since I am still using the first set of batteries, and it looks like I still have a lot of use left out of them, I didn't get to test and see if indeed all the waypoints and info I saved into it will stay when replacing the batteries as the manual says it will do.The manual says, so long as you change the batteries right away, you will not lose any information you have stored in it.If after this set of batteries dies out, and I replace them and this is NOT the case, I will add to this review an update saying so.I have since seen this unit in another store, and noticed that the green Geko logo was not on the unit as it is on mine. Why would some units not have the Geko on it and others do?Glad mine has the Geko on it.----------------------------------UPDATE:Half way through geocaching yesterday, the battery went down to the last bar of 4 bars on the meter. The manual states that it will TELL you when you have only 10 minutes of power left, but I didn't want to have to change batteries in the middle of a long cache, so even though the batteries would have lasted who knows how much longer, I decided to change the batteries sooner than I may have had to.I took out the old batteries in the car, and put in the new set. Turned on the unit, and was pleasantly surprised to find that indeed, all my waypoints and other information was still in the unit, nothing was lost!This was my biggest fear, as I had spent a long time entering in a lot of cache locations into it.------------------------------------Another update:I accidentally forgot to turn the battery save function back on after finding a cache, and the batteries were being sucked very quickly! As soon as I noticed the battery meter going down fast, I double checked, and sure enough, I didn't have battery save on.The default on this unit is NORMAL, not BATTERY SAVE, and if you don't use battery save, this thing will probably eat a set of batteries in only an hour.You should leave the unit in BATTERY SAVE mode at all times, unless you are within 50 feet of a cache and need to narrow down closer.In battery save mode, I have no problem spending an entire two days, morning to dusk, finding geocaches, without having to change batteries.I may make a C or D cell battery pack for this unit so I can go even longer, there is no reason they had to make this with tiny AAA instead of AA batteries, except for the uneducated consumers that demand tiny and small devices all the time.I would have been happy if the unit was twice the size, if it meant longer battery life. But in a democracy, you always have three wolves and a sheep voting on what to have for lunch. In other words, mob rule.
This works fine with my Canon SD-450. It's rated 760mAh just like the one provided with the camera. Given there is no difference, it definitely deserves a high score for being almost half the price.
I've had several armbands for various MP3 players and this one is the most comfortable I've ever had. It works just like it should but makes me wish I had bigger arms but still works fine (I would prefer a shorter band).My only complaint is the rubber case fits very tight so it's hard to take off. This might be a good thing for some people, but I'd like to take it off sometime to change into the clip or put into a dock for portable speakers. This isn't enough of an inconvenience to downgrade it a star though.
Love it. Quality stuff - ready to go. I'm confused as to where the short line goes...Its so short, it can't go much of anywhere. MH
I adore this little camera. It has very high resolution (great for large prints, I get sharp A3 prints out of it), very realistic colors (if you want very saturated colors look elsewhere) and low noise (A4 prints at ISO800 look just great). Its wide lens (32mm) and raw format are also nice to have. Highly recommended!
This is my third GPS unit, and it is by far the best. I tried the Garmin eTrex Vista and had problems with sensitivity to tree cover. I live near Sequoia National Park and routinely use the GPS units around "large" trees. I found that the eTrex Vista would lose the signal, or not acquire a signal to begin with, even in fairly large clearings.In comparison, the antenna in the GPSMAP 76S is much less affected by tree cover. The unit and its software are also much more sophisticated than the eTrex. Also, the function keys on the face of the 76S are easier to use in the field than the ClickStick on the Vista. The latter works o.k. when you are sitting at home, learning to use the machine. However, I found it frustrating to try to use the ClickStick while hiking: The darn thing often wouldn't "go" where I wanted it to on the screen, and the screen areas are fairly small and hard to see in sunlight.Again, the screen and accessibility are much better on the 76S. The memory (24MB) is the same for both units. In summary, the eTrex wins the "cute" award, but the GPSMAP 76S is a much better piece of equipment and it is easily worth the higher initial cost.
When I first tried out this GPS, I was quite happy with it. It was very simple to use, easy to learn and really just plug and go. It got us halfway to Big Bear from LA, but then got us lost because the freeways had closed. I found it to be accurate in some places, and truly not in others. It froze up quite a few times, and wouldn't turn on SEVERAL times, only to turn on a minute later. The time it takes to start up is fine, only about a minute and you're already "navigating." However, sometimes it just lags and, again, freezes up. Had I written a review the first day I got it, I would have given it at least 4 stars for the ease of use. Now that I've had it a week, I'm returning it, and am going back to using mapquest. It's just not worth 300 something dollars. Perhaps I'll try another GPS system when we're taking another trip, but for now, this one is definitely going back.
Out of the box, this unit will not allow you most of it's excellent features, like turn by turn road directions, the ability to enter a regular postal address instead of GPS coordinates to get driving directions, or find out the nearest Chinese restaurant, gas station, or dozens of other places of interest near you, or near any city.But once fully loaded, this device is like having a pocket sized internet browser, without the internet connection!And when the restaurants, grocery stores, golf courses, parks, museums, etc, I search for come on the screen, they list the addresses and phone numbers of the establishments as well.When you enter an address, by street and city, it knows the range of the number of the addresses for that street and you just need to edit it to the exact number address you want. As a road would come near that I had to turn at, the unit would beep slowly, and when I had come up to the intersection it beeped fast. The backlight also came on during times to turn, when it beeped, and then went off again on it's own, which would be great for night driving! (You can turn the beeps off if they annoy you)You don't need to watch the display at all until a road comes up you need to turn at, and the unit will let you know (beeps and/or lights up) when that is, so you can just enjoy the drive and keep your eyes on the road! BIG TURN ARROWS show which way to go, and it even lets you know what the next street or road name is that will be the next turn in the trip.Built in help screens, easy to navigate menus and features, I absolutely love this thing now that it works as it should have out of the box.But even though I had to pay around $300 for it, (prices will be lower as time goes on) I wasn't able to do any of the great things I just reviewed with it.First I had to pay another $150 for the "MapSend DirectRoute" software. (you can find it cheaper now at many sources) and without this software, you can not do any turn by turn directions or search for nearest Hospital or all the fun stuff I mentioned above.I had to pay another $75 to get an SD memory card so that I could install the maps into the GPS unit with the software. (These are also always coming down in price)After spending an additional couple hundred dollars, I still couldn't load the maps into the unit, because even though it states clearly that it is compatible with Windows98SE, it is not.I have two computers with Win98SE, and I could do everything up to the point of loading the final converted map files into the GPS unit, and that it would not do.I had to wait for a friend to bring over his XP laptop so that I could load a few maps into my GPS and loading time was very long too, and this was on the latest and fastest computer. However, it is not only loading streets, rivers, train tracks and map info, but phone numbers and addresses of every restaurant, airport, museum, etc too, so there is a lot of info it is storing in the GPS.Turns out the software was made before the Magellin Explorist models existed, so you need to install yet more software so that the end map files can be properly converted and loaded into the Explorist GPS unit. Some of the instructions you read will make no sense, and you have to read other papers that tell you what to do different with the Explorist, since the instructions are for other Magellan units that work differently.So read EVERYTHING first before loading maps or installing software. Yeah, not fun, but neccissary, because if you go by the wrong directions, it isn't going to work. It will only allow you to load ONE map area, when in fact, you can load several different map definition areas into the GPS.You can't load the whole country into your GPS either, it won't all fit. At most, you will get one state or two, but if you just save certain areas of certain states or areas you will be going to, this it will allow you to do. I put in all the specific areas of the only 5 states I travel to, and they all fit on the 512 MB SD card with lots of extra room to spare.You can buy even more SD cards and store as many states and areas as you want, or delete ones you had loaded and load in more, but this requires computer connection, which I don't have, since it doesn't like Win98.Now I need a car mount and bike mount which should cost be at least another $50 or so. Then more money for the cigarette lighter power supply.Oh, and none of the stores the Magellan website lists as carrying these accessories carries them. The web site listed stores like Radio Shack, Walmart, Sams Club, etc, and NONE of the stores listed carry any of the accessories for the explorists. (at time of this review)So total, I think it ended up costing more than double for this thing, and hours of grief figuring out and loading software, but in the end, this thing is really great now!I still have to do an additional accuracy test, because even with added WAAS system, the display giving current accuracy never reads better than 30 feet at any time, even when tracking around 8 sattelites, while my cheap Garmin Geko for $50 tells me 15 feet or better accuracy. (Not to say that what each unit is reporting is actual fact)In doing three quick Geocaches, this unit led me directly to the exact location of the caches to the exact spot. I just walked right up to all 3 of them imediately with this thing, so it is much more accurate than 30 feet, I don't know why the thing doesn't ever report better than 30 feet accuracy when it is MUCH better than that.One other complaint would be that this unit uses a rechargable pack and won't take batteries. If you are out Geocaching and the rechargable goes dead, then what do you do? I will be purchasing the cig lighter car charger.They should have used a normal DC power connector instead of the bizzare screw in one, but they did this to keep the unit entirely sealed to keep water out. Regular power jacks would let water in, but I won't be swimming or showering with mine, so I would rather have had the traditional power jack and plug.Hopefully one day soon, someone will make a GPS unit that comes preloaded with all of the US maps from the factory.Since no one does this yet, I can't really knock this particular brand or model for all the extra work and expense I had to put into it, since any other brand or model would have most likely made me do the same thing.In the end, it finally does what it was designed to do, and it is working great!It even gives you accurate time to the second (which it gets from sattelite and is right on with my atomic clock) the date, and tells you the sunrise/sunset times and rise and set of the Moon as well. (and that it does straight out of the box)There is a base map that IS in this unit straight out of the box that does list major roads (just not small residential roads) but the turn by turn directions feature will not work until you buy the MapSend DirectRoute software and load it into the unit.I used the unit out of the box for a few months before I was able to get the detailed maps loaded into it, and still had tons of fun with it, but now it is just amazing and has tons of extra features opened up since loading the detailed maps.Another thing with the software... It asks for the serial number of the GPS unit you have, so if you want to buy two of these units, the software will only work for ONE unit not the other as it checks the serial number of the unit during connection to the computer.The unit, right out of the box, and without a computer, will let you enter in your name, address and phone number, so if it gets lost, someone finding it can know who it belongs to.The fact of all the time and extra expense would have dropped the total score of this item to a 2. But I had to give it a 4 because now that it is loaded, this thing is really great!At the time I got mine, Magellan did not offer preloaded SD cards with specific areas or states, but they may in the future, who knows.TIP:The unit came with a plastic film over the screen (like most digital watches and digital camera LCD screens do) meant to be peeled off and thrown away after purchase and I just left it on. I can wipe it off easy and it keeps the screen protected.----------UPDATE----------When trying to find the cigarette lighter car charger for the eXplorist units, the photos online always show a connector that does not look right for this unit. Turns out that you need to use the AC charger/USB cable that came with the unit and the AC part unplugs, revealing the connector that you plug the cigarette lighter connector into.In other words, the car charger doesn't plug into the GPS, it plugs into the cable that comes with the unit, and THAT screws on the back of the GPS.However, this means you need to bring the whole big USB cable mess into the car. I did find a place that sells an extra cable, so I can leave one whole mess in the car, and the AC charger cable in the house. I suggest getting the extra cable, because if you lose the one, you can't ever charge the GPS in the house anymore either. Plus if one goes bad, you have an extra ready.I also found out this unit can tell me where the closest ATM machines are, even ones that are from my specific bank. (when mapsend software is installed)The eXplorist 400 also has the feature of being able to save Geocaching coordinates direct from a computer (along with hints and notes for paperless caching) but since it doesn't work with Win98se, I am not able to use or review that feature. However, even though I have to enter coordinates manually, I can also enter in the hints or Geocache descriptions, and they show up when searching the Geocache, so you don't have to bring any paper printouts with you. (thus the term "paperless cache")I also use this to put phone numbers and addresses into saved coordinates, to make sure I know which house number I am walking up to when visting a house for the first time, or call a business to make sure it is open before driving out to it.
Looking at the photo of this item, I noticed the plug at the end of this car lighter charger is NOT the screw on contraption needed for my eXplorist 400, so I was hesitant to purchase it until I did further research and found out WHY the plug is different.You still need the USB cable that came with the eXplorist and have to bring it in the car too!The big AC plug detaches from the USB cable, and AHA! Now you have a jack that this car charger can plug into! Then you screw that cable onto your GPS unit as when you charge it via AC.In other words... This charger does NOT plug into your GPS, it plugs into your GPS charger cable which attaches to your GPS.But I don't want to take that cable in the car with me, because if it gets damaged or lost, then I can never charge the unit at all, not even at home with AC. So I was forced to find and purchase another USB cable assembly seperately, to keep in the car with this car lighter charger.Magellan should have just put the screw on connector at the end of this car charger instead of the way they did it.The car lighter charger has a nice coiled cord, but what good is it? You still have to have the long USB cable attached to it anyway!But hopefully this will help everyone, that like me, was puzzled by the photo of the item and the connector that isn't going to fit anywhere in the eXplorist 400.
Holds the eXplorist nice and safe on the handlebars.All the other items on my "bike's dash" have strong plastic brackets to go around the bar, I was surprised to see this one uses a METAL bracket. I hope it doesn't rust, there isn't any other steel on my bike other than the clamp bracket on this mount. They do include a piece of rubber to put around the bar first before you clamp this metal clamp, so you won't damage your bar, I just hope it doesn't end up rusting.There are also two posts that stick out on the sides (used for the car mount, they have no use here at all, Magellan just using the same piece from the same mold to save money)The posts meant I had to take off something else on my bar, but I will cut off the posts and then I can fit everything back on again.
****UPDATE**** - After spending $1000 to have this t.v. fixed, it was about 7 months later, and once again, POP - out goes the picture. Zenith's products are a joke, and it's very clear that this particular product is defective and should have been recalled. However Zenith would rather keep your $3000+ instead of stand behind their product. It's no wonder Zenith changed their name to LG because they know that nobody will buy anything that says "Zenith" on it. It's only a matter of time until people catch on to "LG" and they earn a bad reputation. We also sent a very nasty e-mail to Zenith/LG about this, and have not heard squat in response. Not so much as even a "We're sorry you're unhappy with the product". Thanks for nothing Zenith. I wish I could have my $4000 back, because less than 2 years from original date of purchase, this t.v. is going to the dumpster. Would have been only a year if I hadn't had it repaired.Everything below is my original review:I bought this TV 1 year and 2 weeks ago. Overall I was happy with the picture quality (although the blacks are really splotchy). Unfortunately, I was watching TV when POP! there went the screen. Of course the warranty was only for 1 year (even though the website states a 2 year warranty on Plasma TV's) so I just got screwed by 2 weeks. Reading the other reviews I see out of only 7 reviews, at least one other person has had this happen as well. This makes me really question the quality of this TV. Do yourself a favor and buy a Sony or a panasonic or at least get a really long, extended service plan. Getting burned for $3500 sucks.
By far the best mouse I have ever owned. Comfortable. Adjustable weight is a nice added feature. Adjustable speed is also excellent. Slow it down or put it into hyper drive. Cable is a nice braided material that holds up well and does not tangle. Durable. Never had any issues with it. Use it on a solid black gaming mouse pad and she works perfectly. Highly recommended!
Lately, I've been bringing my notebook computer to a local bookstore/cafe to do some writing. It's a cozy place but pretty noisy. The selection of music over the speakers wasn't the greatest either. I decided that I would make my own mix of MP3 music files and bring them along so I could listen to them through my headphones. Since I'm working on my notebook computer, I didn't want to run the files off of my hard drive, which would run down my battery. My solution was to load all the MP3 files on a Flash Drive - no moving parts, a much smaller drain on battery power. I purchased the SD 512 Flash drive. The following is my experience with this device:The unit itself is a pretty small device. (See product details above for size, etc) and has a total capacity of 512mb. The actual usable memory is closer to 487mb or so. This is due to the software/operating/security program that is preloaded onto the drive. I run Windows XP on my notebook, and the SanDisk booted up immediately without any problems. You can &#34;lock out&#34; anyone from viewing your files by running the security program. Be careful not to quick click through the prompts as you may miss entering the password. You can also download the latest encrption software for free. According to Sandisk, the new lock/encrption program is fourteen times more secure and is a much better program.Performance was smooth as silk. There were no drivers to install and the plug and play feature worked the very first time. I &#34;mix&#34; my MP3's on my desktop computer which runs Windows ME and transfer them on the Sandisk to my notebook which runs Windows XP. There were no problems in switching back and forth between systems. I've heard that you need to download drivers if you run Windows 98. I do not know how well this drive works under '98' but it seems to work great with ME or XP. I loaded and ran my MP3 files from the Sandisk and was able to play back my music files without a hitch. Since this is a flash drive, you can load practically any type of file you want on it, be it photo files, documents etc. I decided this particular drive would be used just for music files. There is a green light at the end of the drive which flashes rapidly whenever the drive is being used. Which brings me to the next point...If you have not used one of these devices before, it is extrememly important to *disconnect the device properly* before you physically remove it. You must first click on the &#34;remove device&#34; icon. The operating system will disconnect and will then tell you that removal is safe. If you just *unplug the device* without proper shut down procedures, sooner or later, you will most likely either fry your unit or corrupt the data. This is not a defect with the unit, you must remove all flash devices in this manner. Those of you who are familiar with the Sony Playstation know that if you pull out the memory card before it is finished saving, you will end up with corrupt data or a damaged card. The same holds true for flash disk devices.There have been reliability issues associated with this unit, but I am either a very lucky guy or the reports of failure are due to user error, i.e. unpluging the unit before shutting down properly. Perhaps their was a bad batch of them. I don't know. What I do know is that the unit has performed great, (so far), and I am very pleased with the performance and price. There are promotional discounts given my some vendors, so if you can snag one with a rebate, you'll be paying only a few dollars more for this 512mb over a 256mb.As far as the music that's loaded onto my Sandisk Cruzer, I've got a good selection of trance, new age, classical and eurodance.Just in case you wanted to know. &#60;grin&#62;
The following review was written in 2010 for this mini-monitor, for which I paid $99.99, NOT THE $329.95 AMAZON IS NOW ASKING FOR IT. Something is wrong here, especially since it is still be offered elsewhere for $99.99.I had no problem installing this mini monitor and it does exactly what I wanted it to do. I keep an editor open on that screen and use it to save snippits of code that I want to refer back to on my main screens.
This is a nifty little unit that functions exactly as billed. It might be considered a "fast food" version of a camcorder. The video quality is acceptable -- MPEG4 resolution which is roughly equivalent to VHS. But where it shines is the simple user interface. If you want to capture a moment quickly, you can be shooting within 20 seconds. And you can email a brief 20 second clip in 90 seconds after shooting it (assuming your computer is in the same room!). The controls are simple, with nothing to set, and it's much simpler than trying to shoot video with your digital still camera. You can use Nero 6.6 or 7 to burn your videos to a DVD or a VCD. The zoom lens is digital, not optical, so there is a noticeable decrease in quality when you use it. And the little built in microphone doesn't have much range. But given the price, this gizmo can't be beat. I loved mine so much, I bought 2 more as birthday gifts for friends.
Once upon a time, I worked as a photographer and shot with everything from Hasselblads to view cameras (the cameras where you see someone hiding underneath a black cloth). I've used various cheap digital cameras for point and shoot purposes, but I never really made the plunge into buying a "real" digital camera. The gripes I had, had to do with the total automation of the cameras available. You basically couldn't change any of the settings to be creative. I wanted to buy a camera that would allow me freedom to choose between manual and automatic settings, give clear/sharp pictures, offer lots of features, and wouldn't send me to the poor house. I shopped around for a few weeks and finally came upon the Olympus C740 digital camera. Here are my impressions.First of all, I was surprised at how small digital cameras have become. The C740 is a nice compact size with all the buttons and controls logically placed on the top and back of the body. As is usual with me, I tried operating the camera without going to deeply into the manual to assess how user friendly the camera was. After a scant ten minutes in reading the quick start-up guide, I was off and running and taking my very first quality digital pictures. The menu/feature system of this camera are well laid out and very comprehensive. You can go on automatic and choose preselected parameters for shooting, or you can change the settings to suit your needs. For instance, compensation for exposure is as easy as pressing the cursor buttons on the back. You can adjust the function of the flash at the touch of a button. A great feature is the 'fill in flash'. The flash will go off whenever you press the shoot button. This is very useful when taking pictures of people outdoors as the flash fills in the harsh shadows with soft light. Great.One reason I choose the Olympus C740 is because of the 10x zoom lens. The range is approximately 38mm to 380mm. Quite a range and very useful. The images came out nice and sharp at all zoom settings. Of couse, when using the long setting, you will experience some camera shake. This was not a big problem since you can manually up the shutter speed and ISO to freeze the jitters. You can always resort to using a tripod or just leaning against a solid object for stabibility. On the flip side, the camera sports a macro mode, which allows you to get very good close-ups. I was able to take some very nice pictures of flowers in the backyard and even some very fine spider webs glistening in the sun. Sharpness was outstanding.If there is one weak point to this camera, and this seems to be a common problem with most digital cameras, is its performance in low light situations. What this means is that the camera will not be able to automatically focus in places like school auditoriums, darkly lit restaurants, or dimly lit rooms. The only way around this is to use the manual focus and to preset the distance and go on from there. If you need to take quick and dirty shots of graduations, etc, you'd be better off with a cheap little point and shoot camera.The view finder is crammed full of information that can be changed at will.(You can also view the picture scene and info on the LCD on the back of the camera.)A very nice feature of this camera is the ability to see your shots immediately after you take them. If you don't like your exposure, composition, etc, you can delete them right away. I tried shooting in macro mode, telephoto and wide angle, and all the images were sharp and saturated. The camera gives you the option to choose what resolution (sharpness) the camera shoots in. The camera can shoot in quick sequences, bracketed exposure settings, and panarama mode (only if you use genuine Olympus xd cards.)The C740 is not a current model and has been replaced by newer versions. However, the technology found in this camera can still hold its own. Its versatility in doubling as a good 'point and shoot' and being totally configurable gets high marks. The camera is 3.2 megapixles and is more than sufficient for prints to 8x10 or 11x14. Since this is an older model, this camera can usually be found at a good discount. The editing software that comes with this camera is good, albeit, spartan, but it edits and performs well. My only complaint is not with the camera but with the documentation. While succent and to the point, it is almost on the verge of being uninformative. This camera is packed full of features but the printed documentation barely scratches the surface of what it can do. With this said, a detailed manual is on the installation CD which can be viewed on your computer. Gee, what ever happened to 'printed' manuals? Sigh...Great pictures, super auto mode, sharp lens, user friendly, complete manual over-ride, light, compact, and fun to use. This puts the C740 in some very good, if not more expensive company. This is my first digital camera and I am very pleased with it.
My present inkjet printer is great for small jobs and color printing, but it lacks the speed that I need when printing lots of text. I printed a 265 page document, (which took about 40 minutes) and went to the copy center to make three more. When they told me how much it would cost, I realized that for the price of three copies, I could just go and buy my own personal laser printer. I did some comparative shopping and ended up with the economy minded Samsung ML 1740 laser printer. Here are my first impressions (no pun intended) of this printer.The unit comes packaged with toner, the printer itself, manuals, CD installation disk, power cord, but no USB cable. You'll have to provide that yourself. The printer is a very compact unit and is about the size of a small microwave oven. The whole body of the printer is made of plastic, rather fragile looking, but nice. Setup took less than twenty minutes and is simple as falling off a long. After installing the necessary software, and connecting the USB cable from the printer to my computer, I printed out a test page which was very sharp and clear. The printer is easy to load with paper and has a 250 page capacity. Very nice. Paper exit trays are from the top of the printer or from the rear exit. You can choose which exit the paper comes out of. Generally speaking, the top exit is good for general printing, and the rear exit is for printing envelopes or thicker paper stock. The rear paper exit is 'straight through' compared to the top exit which makes the paper do a 'U-turn' before coming out.The printer is very user friendly and has great software.(Note: From reports, this printer does not seem to work with Macs.) I was able to print up that 265 page document without a hitch. There is a toner saver button on the top of the printer. When this button is activated, the printer only uses 40% of the toner, which extends the life of the cartridge. Since I was only printing out text, the difference between full mode and toner saver mode was not important. The full toner mode looks richer and darker, but the saver mode was quite acceptalbe in quality. After finishing, I needed to print up a 225 page manual for my digital camera. I was able to print up four images to a page with the Samsung printer software, and shrunk the entire manual down to just 57 pages. There were quite a few photos and halftone illustrations in the manual. These turned out very good, even in the save toner mode. The dpi (dots per inch) is 600dpi or 300dpi for this printer. I found that 600dpi is just fine for text. The characters and letters were very sharp with no 'jaggies'. This little unit produces quite a bit of heat, so the ML-1740 has a powerful fan to keep the printer cool. I didn't find the fan noise distracting or irritating. The printer cartridge will give you about 1,000 printed pages in regular mode and about 60% more in toner saver mode. The cartridge that comes with this printer is a 'starter' cartridge, which means it is not completely filled with the standard amount of toner. Though there have been some gripes about this, it is easy enough to refill the spent cartridge with a refill kit at a fraction of the cost in buying a new one.This printer is an excellent value because of the rebate programs associated with this device. Consider the Samsung 1740 if you are on a budget and want an easy to operate, efficient, 'bare-bones' laser printer. Highly recommended.
We're running a network with 2 desktops and a laptop all running Windows XP. I picked this printer because it was networkable, and the wireless feature was particularly enticing. The paperwork that came with the printer was of no help in setting up the printer on the network. After holding for 30 minutes for tech support, I spent well over 3 hours with a techie trying to get even 1 of the computers printing. I do have to commend the patience and perseverence of the tech I spoke with, but unfortunately he was unable to help me. By the time I gave up, and he was out of suggestions, I had only managed to get the laptop to print by plugging the printer directly into the wireless router, which made it invisible to the desktops, and therefore of no use to me. Upon further investigation, apparently HP printers will only work in a network with "HP-compatible" routers and hardware. I'm not going to replace all the hardware for the sake of a printer, so the printer is going back. I'm very frustrated at this point, and will not be buying another HP printer.
I accidentally spilled some water on my ergo keyboard last week and the control key and "c" key were out of commission. I purchased the 4000 and tried it out as a replacement. The keyboard is huge. If you are using a computer desk with a slide out keyboard tray, this monster will either scrape underneath the desk or not fit in at all when you try to slide it back in.There are lots of bells and whistles such as programmable keys and the sort, but these are more of a gimmick than anything else. The key response and placement are ok, but it's easy to mistype because of the angle of the keys.After two days, I returned this keyboard. It has a nice wrist cushion, but overall, the feel of the keys, the unwieldy over-sized footprint, and flimsy keys don't add up to a very good typing experience. The Microsoft Natural Elite runs circles around the 4000.Oh, and after two days, my keyboard dried out and works fine again.
I've never had problems with Netgear products, but I found this unit to be an exercise in frustration. Perhaps it's simply not compatible with Verizon DSL, but despite many emails with customer service, I never got it to work. It's definitely NOT plug and play as my previous Netgear wireless router was, so I give it a major thumbs-down.
After doing quite a bit of research on wireless headphones, the products seemed to fall into two categories...really expensive ($70 and up) and really cheap ($30 and down.) I've purchased the cheap ones before such as the RCAs (which were uncomfortable and made your ears itchy only after half an hour of using them) but surely didn't want to fork out a hundred bucks or more for the upper stratosphere wireless sets.Enter the Sennheiser RS110. A cheaper version of the RS120. The difference is in the on board chargeable feature for the headphones on the 120. Not really worth the extra expense in my opinion as popping out the batteries for a fresh pair of rechargeables with the RS110 only takes a few seconds.Ok, onto the specifics. Although $60 is still pretty expensive, what you're getting with the RS110 pretty much justifies the price. The sound from these headphones is quite good with nice bass, good highs, although the mids are just a bit overdone. The wireless feature is good and the transmitter automatically locks onto your headset when it powers on. RCA jacks are at your disposal to connect to your sound source whether it is your TV, DVD player, or stereo. A flick of the on button, adjustment for the signal, set your volume and you are good to go.I bought the earphones for DVD movies, watching TV and playing video games at night. The RS110 is a lifesaver for letting me turn up the volume without disturbing anyone else in the house...especially since I am a bit of a night-owl on occasion. But since the sound is pretty good, sometimes I opt to use them even during normal viewing times as well.The wireless feature is nice, but if you tilt your head or move the headphones around in a specific position, you'll get a bit of static. In really quiet instances while viewing TV, movies or music, a bit of hiss comes through, but 90 percent of the time,whatever you're listening to will drown out this low level hiss. These headphones are really comfortable because the foam padding sits flat against the outside of your ears instead of encasing them in a "cup" which makes your ears sweaty and itchy. You can leave these on for hours without getting the itchy ear syndrome. The signal picks up pretty well around the house too, so listening to music is pretty good for going wireless.The thing with the transmitter is that you have to unplug it from whatever device you want to switch it to, so this is a bit of a hassle if you want to switch from your HD TV to your stereo for instance.All in all, a nice pair of wireless headphones for a semi-high price range.
I have read many of the reviews and feel that people are criticizing this great MP3 player unfairly.Pros:- PlaysForSure certified, you can buy your music from any PlaysForSure certified music service and are guaranteed that your purchased music will play, you are not held hostage to iTunes- good battery life, doesn't use proprietary internal rechargeable batteries, you won't ever have to replace your MP3 player because of exhausted batteries- flash memory, unlike micro hard drive MP3 players there are no moving parts to damage- it's Plug and Play, works like a hard drive on a Windows system- No additional software is needed, you can take it out of the box, plug it into your Windows XP computer, load it up with 200 tunes with Windows Explorer, pop in a battery and start listening to it in about 10 minutes. I know... because I did...- has radio and voice recorder- good looking, has a small screen which displays everything you need to know- lightweightCons:- the battery cover looks fragileThere are workarounds to all the other complaints that the other reviewers have.About my MP3 player: I have the Sep 9, 2005 Rev 2 firmware. I formatted my MP3 player with the FAT32 file system and have only used Windows Explorer to transfer music to my MP3 player, to transfer voice recordings to my computer and to delete files from there. I got this MP3 player for Christmas and it has never froze. I have only used shuffle mode a handful of times and have had no problems with it.Some people have complained that the menus are hard to use. What do you expect when SanDisk tries to pack all these features into such a small player??? Were you expecting a Bluetooth enabled wireless mouse and 19 inch flat monitor??? It took me about 5 minutes to read the user guide and after a day or so, I was comfortable with how everything felt. The menus and submenus seem to be grouped together logically. And you have to play around to figure out that you can press and hold or press and release the buttons. It ain't rocket science, it just takes a bit of getting used to.Some people have complained about the sound quality. HELLO!!! Let's put things into perspective. This great little MP3 player costs under $100. If you want audiophile quality, you have to listen to your music on your big expensive $25,000 home sound system. The earbuds that come with the player are low quality. No big deal. I just bought some Sony Fontopia earbuds and set the equalizer setting to Rock. This MP3 player now sounds as good as any MP3 player or iPod I've ever listened to. I can hear the treble and bass clearly and the subtle nuances in volume which the record producer wanted you to hear. And I don't hear any distortion. What more can you ask for?Some people complain that it's missing a neckstrap. Unlike the expensive iPod iAccessories, I bought my neckstrap at the Dollar Store. It cost me $1. Unlike the iPod, there are no other accessories to buy. It even comes with an armband and case for workouts.Some people complain there are no playlists. The solution is to use folders. The MP3 player plays all the music in 1 folder before going to the next. I have a folder with high energy music for workouts, another with mellow music for when I want to unwind and another 9 folders where I group music by artists alphabetically. So each folder could be considered a playlist. You really do need folders because if you don't use them, you could find yourself having to fast-forward or rewind 120 times to go from the beginning to the middle of the 240 tunes you loaded.Some people complain that there's no support for other file formats like OGG, ASF. There are a pile of freeware sound file format converters available. All you do is convert to MP3 or WMA format before transferring the file to your MP3 player. There might be a loss in audio quality, but I think only a highly trained audiophile will be able to detect it.Some people prefer an internal rechargeable battery. What are these people thinking????? Most batteries can only be charged about 300 times, then you have to scrap and replace your MP3 player (which costs $$$). And while you are recharging, you cannot use your MP3 player; recharging usually takes about 4 hours. And if you travel, you will have to bring your charger with you, and maybe a power converter too in countries which don't have 120V AC. If anything, you should complain about the exact opposite!!! If an MP3 player has a proprietary internal rechargeable battery, you should NOT buy it. Because it's money wasted, you'll have to replace it in 3 years when you cannot charge the battery. The battery life depends on the volume and the bit rate. According to the Apple batteries webpage, battery life also goes down if you use backlighting, or an equalizer setting or you fast forward. I play my music on level 26 - 30 (out of 40) and most of my music is 128 kbps MP3 format. I use my MP3 player 2 hours a day for my daily commute and maybe 1 hour on the weekends and a battery lasts me about a week. Why are people so worried about battery life? I always carry an extra AAA or 2 in my pocket and hardly notice the extra weight. It's not like I'm lugging a carton of milk around... I bought 4 900 mAh NiMH batteries and a charger for $15. 4 batteries x 300 charges per battery = 1,200 weeks of use = over 23 years for $15. Good for the environment, great for the wallet!Some people think that the MP3 player uses power when it's plugged into the computer. It doesn't, and you can prove this to yourself by removing the battery before plugging the MP3 player into your computer. And it still works... so it must be powered by the computer. It doesn't waste your battery power when you are loading up, it only uses power when you're listening to it or recording something.Some people complain about the lack of a direct USB connection. Not really an issue with me. A built in USB connector would just add an extra 1/2 inch to the length of the MP3 player without adding any real substantial benefit. And if my MP3 player was lost or stolen, I would want the other person to be stuck with my choice of tunes!!!Some people complain that it doesn't play loud enough. That's not really a bad thing because continued exposure to high volumes can permanently damage your hearing. I do most of my listening at level 26 - 30 (out of 40). When I just want music in the background, I lower it to about 20. And even Led Zeppelin and Jimi Hendrix don't need more than level 33. And if I was hosting a block party, I wouldn't be using earbuds, I would plug the MP3 player into speakers and crank it up.Some people complain about the storage capacity. They get stuck at 550 Meg or 750 Meg? I formatted with the FAT32 file system. Right now I have 214 tunes totalling 848 Meg. I didn't use any music management software, just Windows Explorer. I didn't sync my music, just copy and paste from my computer to my MP3 player. I deliberately did not use all the capacity because I want to save some space for voice recordings.Some people site the new iPod's 15,000 song capacity. So what? I'm quite happy with my 240 tune capacity. I only have about 100 very favourite tunes on my "A" list anyway. The rest are on my "B" list which I change every now and then. I'm not going to load up my MP3 player with junk just to brag about its capacity. Because it would take that much more searching and scrolling through junk to find the tune I want to listen to. I find that on the average CD, there are only 2 or 3 great tunes, the rest are subpar tunes that I would not want to load onto my MP3 player anyway, that even if I did load them, I would not want to listen to them. Here's some simple math for you iPod users: 15,000 songs is over 1,200 CDs. 15,000 songs, at 3 minutes per song is about 750 hours of music. According to the Apple iPod site, your iPod battery can play 20 hours (if you don't use backlighting, if you don't use an equalizer setting, and if you don't fast forward) before you need to recharge. And you need to recharge 37 times (which would take more than 6 full days at 4 hours per charge) to listen to those 15,000 tunes. And you can only recharge most batteries about 300 times before you need to replace your iPod. That means you will have used up about 12% of your iPod's total lifespan just to listen to those 15,000 tunes once.Some people complain that the MP3 player looks fragile, especially the battery cover and the joystick. Hey, it's not a sparring partner. To keep costs low, to keep the MP3 player small and light, I guess there weren't too many choices in the design and building material.Some people complain about the MP3 player being broken when it gets dropped. When my MP3 player is hanging on my lanyard, it's about 3 1/2 feet from the ground. If my lanyard breaks and my MP3 player falls, it will probably break. But a lot of other things will break from a 3 1/2 foot drop, like my cell phone, my PDA, my digital camera, my non-digital camera, my VCR, my DVD player, my TV, my computer, my scanner, my printer, my toaster oven, my blender, etc. And I'm sure even my stove and refrigerator would break with a 3 1/2 foot drop. Why aren't you people complaining about all those other things being fragile too???Some people complain that the radio is staticky. Did they look to see if they are on the right frequency? It's only staticky on my player when I'm between radio stations. If I'm at the right frequency, it's crystal clear. Maybe the reception depends on where you live too. And I understand that if there is a lot of electrical interference in your environment, you will get static. But don't blame the MP3 player.People complain about 3 problems. They really should read their manuals.- Some people complain that it freezes up. They should check the sliding hold button. The only times my MP3 player freeze up is when I lock it up! When I first bought my MP3 player, I didn't always freeze it. I usually have it in my shirt pocket at work. Once I accidentally hit the start button, when I put on my earbuds after work, I found it was on, and I wasted a couple of hours of battery time. Now I always freeze it when I turn it off.- Some people complain about the dead silence between the tunes. It's because they have fade in turned on (Audio menu, Sound submenu (1st choice), 3rd function).- Some people complain there is no shuffle mode. Actually, there is (Audio menu, Repeat submenu (2nd choice), 2nd function).There are functions that are not available now. This MP3 player cannot record from the radio. It would also be nice if the MP3 player had 3D sound effects. Some people want to be able to delete a tune without having to connect to a computer. It doesn't bother me that much, if I delete a tune, there's space, so I should be connected to a computer to replace the deleted tune with another tune anyway. Why is it so important to be able to delete a tune directly on your MP3 player??? If you hated the tune that much... you shouldn't have loaded it to begin with!!! But all these things can be fixed. I hope the SanDisk engineers are reading these reviews. And I hope they will produce a new version of the firmware with more features. The good thing is that we can upgrade the firmware on the MP3 player, we are not forced to buy a new MP3 player just to enjoy the newer features. You could download everything you need from their site, user guides (if you lose your user guide), drivers, firmware, etc.And for all you Apple iPod nano users: I don't need any iAccessories, I just bought a lanyard for $1. I don't need a bulletproof cover on my MP3 player, and yet there are no scratches on it. I use backlighting, my equalizer is on, set to Rock and I fast forward and rewind to jump from tune to tune, folder to folder. And for a change of pace, I can listen to the built in radio. I can listen to my MP3 player non-stop. When a battery dies, I just put in a fresh one, I don't have to wait 4 hours for the thing to recharge. And I never have to worry about battery life, because this great MP3 player doesn't use proprietary rechargeable internal batteries, just good ol' 1.5 V AAAs. I always carry a spare battery or 2 and my $15 investment in a charger and 4 batteries will last me 23 years. And when I travel, I just have to make sure I buy a few extra packages of AAA batteries. Guess I'm not an iCult member.All in all, you are getting exceptional value for under $100, and I don't think most of the criticism is justified. The SanDisk engineers do not have to apologize for anything. If anything, they should be applauded for designing such a great little MP3 player at such a great price. Just don't drop it and be careful with the battery cover.
I was looking for an MP3 player for myself this past Christmas. I looked at the iPod Shuffle because it was very cool looking, very light, very elegant, very small, about the thickness of 2 sticks of chewing gum. I rate this 2 stars just because of the coolness and cuteness factor.Then I dug deeper, looked at the Apple iPod site and started to think.- What if I don't want to hang it around my neck? I probably will need some kind of case to protect it. They seem to sell cases only in 3 packs, costing $25 - $30. And the cases seem to come only in cutesy colors like bubblegum pink, lime green, grape purple. Or I could spend that same $25 - $30 on an armband / beltclip type of case.- What if I'm on the road and cannot get to my computer to charge up? No problemo, I could fork over another $25 - $30 for a standalone charger. Or I could buy a twin AAA battery pack for another $25 - $30. But with that twin AAA battery pack, the iPod shuffle would be just like any other MP3 player, except it doesn't have a screen. But adding a battery 2-pack kinda defeats the main selling points. It would no longer be ultra-small, ultra-thin, ultra-light and ultra-cool.- What if I want to listen to a certain tune? Without a screen, would I have to blindly fast forward through all my 240 tunes to find the one I want to listen to?- The biggest problem was that internal battery. Eventually, you will no longer be able to charge it. And you will need to replace your iPod Shuffle. For me, that was the deal-breaker.The owners have these comments in general.- Some people don't get the 12 hours of battery life that is promised in the ad. And everytime the battery runs down, they'll be without their Shuffle because it's recharging. And recharging takes 4 hours. And they'll be tying up one of their USB ports.- Some people are not too happy about being forced to buy a new Shuffle when (NOT IF) the battery can no longer be charged. The battery replacement fee is about the same as the cost of a new iPod Shuffle.- Some people write that a screen is not necessary, that if you didn't like the tune, you shouldn't have loaded it and that they aren't looking at the screen anyway. I agree with everything. However, some of us have a life. When I work out, I want to listen to my high adrenaline tunes. At the end of a workday, I want to unwind with my mellow tunes. When I'm concentrating, I like to listen to classical music at a very low volume. And my MP3 player has all my favourite high adrenaline, mellow and classical stuff in separate folder (playlists). But I still need a screen to fast forward to the type of tunes I want to hear depending on what I'm doing.- Some people have a hard time setting up, getting iTunes to work properly with their iPod Shuffle.- Some people think the cost of those extra iAccessories is outrageous.Random may be the New Order, but hey, LIFE IS ABOUT CHOICE!!! To quote Shania Twain, "That Don't Impress Me Much".So, if you're an iCult member, and you need a cool, cute, light, small, trendy, elegant MP3 player which will hold about 240 tunes and you don't mind the "I'm-stuck-with-iTunes-my-iAccessories-are-expensive-I-need-to-replace-this-in-3-years" concept, this is the perfect device for you.I bought the SanDisk 1G Silver MP3 player. It's not as "in", not as small, not as elegant, not as hip, not as cute, not as fashionable, not as thin, not as cool, not as light, not as trendy as the iPod Shuffle. On the bright side, I won't have to replace it every 3 years. It takes good ol' standard 1.5V AAA batteries so I'll never have to wait for it to recharge, never worry about being out of power. I always carry a spare battery or 2, I just pop in a rechargeable battery (which takes about 3 seconds). I can be running my MP3 player non stop. And no matter where in the world I go, I can always find some AAA batteries. It has a screen so I can easily find the tune I really want to listen to at any time. It also has a radio which I can listen to for a change of pace and to get the news. And I can record with the built in voice recorder. Oh yeah, and the SanDisk 1G Silver MP3 player costs less too! :) And That Do Impress Me Much!!!
This was my 5th digital camera, second by Fuji. Trying to be as polite as possible, but sometimes you need to call a spade a spade. Comparing it against the other cameras I have had, it is the worst camera I have ever pushed the shutter button down on. For a point and shoot camera it's the worst. Take a look at the images I posted and form your own opinion. These were the first images taken with this camera on auto mode. I bought it today and it's going back tomorrow. My Fuji E550 is a far better camera than this one. Perhaps you might look at it or a newer E model. I also own an Olympus C2100, it's an old 2.1mil megapixel camera with a 10 power zoom with stabilizer and it far outperforms this camera.
When I purchased the PowerEx 8-slot charger, the place I ordered it from threw in a set of 8-2700 PowerEx AA Nimh batteries for a few dollars more. What a deal.Since then, I've been able to seriously put these batteries through the wringer. My last foray was at a charity benefit. The Assignment: Shoot everything and everyone at the event. The Result: Shot more than 300 images with full flash on all of the subjects in full auto pict and focus mode and still had half full power in my Pentax k-x at the end of the day.I'm pretty impressed.
This is my second MP3 player. My first is a SanDisk 1 G Silver MP3 player. I have a 2 hour daily commute and do not like the thought of not having an MP3 player. I wanted a backup in case I lost or broke my first MP3 player. The iRiver T10 was on sale, I liked the specs, I couldn't find the SanDisk 1 G Silver MP3 player anywhere, so I bought this. And I'm glad I did.Pros:- PlaysForSure certified, you can buy your music from any PlaysForSure certified music service and are guaranteed that your purchased music will play, you are not held hostage to iTunes.- SRS WOW 3D sound.- 45 hours battery life, that's exceptional, doesn't use proprietary internal rechargeable batteries, you won't ever have to replace your MP3 player because the batteries can no longer be charged. And you won't be deprived of the use of your MP3 player while it's charging.- flash memory, unlike micro hard drive MP3 players there are no moving parts to damage.- has radio and recorder (voice and radio).- good looking, has a small color screen.- looks and feels solid.Cons:- too many dangerous functions.- not like a USB drive.The sound from this MP3 player is incredible! Deep, rich and loud. All I can say is WOW, or more precisely SRS WOW :)Another thing I like about this MP3 player is that it uses AA batteries with a 45 hour battery life. I bought 4 batteries and a recharger at WalMart for $9.88. Each battery can be charged about 300 times. 4 batteries x 300 times x 45 hours per charge = 54,000 hours = 3,600 weeks at 15 hours per week usage = more than 69 years of use at $9.88... battery costs and disposal are not issues... :)The factory included earbuds are ok, but I prefer the Sony fontopia earbuds. The sound seems better and louder from the Sony earbuds. The factory included neckstrap was ok, but I prefer the one I bought at the Dollar Store (it cost me $1). There were no other accessories to buy.There are a couple of things I don't like. This MP3 player show up as an "audio device" and not as a USB drive when I plug it into my computer. I can still drag and drop music from my computer to this device, I just have to remember to put it in the Media\MUSIC folder. By creating folders, you can simulate multiple playlists. I like to group my high energy stuff (for working out) in one folder, my relaxing tunes (for chilling out at the end of the day) in another folder and so on, and depending on my mood and situation, I just select the appropriate folder. There is a site which has firmware to turn this into a USB mass storage device, but I'm not willing to install non manufacturer firmware.The color screen is ok but most of the time, it is off and nothing is showing. You need to press a button to turn it on. I prefer the screen on my SanDisk 1G Silver MP3 player which always had 4 lines of information showing.The menu / submenu functions seem to be grouped together logically. Everything is where you would expect it to be. All except for the playback mode and equalizer setting that is. To set the playback mode, you have to be in music mode, then you press the record button and use the navigation / menu buttons to select the playback mode. To set the equalizer setting, you have to be in music mode, then you hold down the A-B button and use the navigation / menu buttons to select the equalizer setting. Huh? Doesn't make much sense... Why not have everything available under settings... just a thought in case the iRiver engineers are reading.There are some dangerous functions that I would much prefer not to have. You can delete a tune, that's acceptable. But you can also delete an entire folder... not good. And you can even format your MP3 player, in about a second... very very very not good. I prefer to be forced to be plugged into my computer and have Windows Explorer do those dangerous deleting and formatting functions.Overall, the excellent sound, solid construction and that 45 hour battery life overcomes its shortcomings; that it isn't a USB drive and those dangerous functions.
This cartridge works very well and lasts a LONG time if you are printing with it, but it DOESN'T work at all as a cold fusion power unit in an Yrolian space fighter. It can barely push the gravitronic stabilizers, much less feed the 45GW phase-pulse laser capacitor banks.Get the TRAM-89 "Volken" cold fusion powerplant with the vent-blade cryocooling, instead. Save this cartridge for printing only.
I got this unit to take some of the strain off of my laptop's internal DVD writer and found that 80% of the DVDs I burnt with this unit were ruined. It might be due to the USB connection, but premium quality blanks and a slow writing speed didn't seem to help at all. I lost several VALUABLE presentation files because of the constant errors in writing from this unit. I didn't catch that the drive was responsible until I was backing some data up with a program that does a verification check and the software kept telling me that the just-burnt DVD had failed the check. This happened 23 times before I gave up and returned this paperweight.If you want a DVD reader that can make slow labels with Lightscribe, then this is for you. If you want a reliable WRITER unit, then go get an internal drive for a desktop.
The sound quality is good, the fit comfy and the close-fitting cups make for good sound isolation even without the NR on. When you turn on the NR, though, you'll hear that annoying jet engine hiss disappear into a faint background hum.YES. I don't even listen to music with these. I put them on, turn them on and then just SLEEP for the flight.AWESOME.
Very disappointed. This shows as being an adaptor for Cybershot cameras. Well, there is NO port for it on my DSC-W570. Am I missing something? Anyone know if there's a way to connect this before I try to send it back and hopefully get a refund?
For the price, the picture quality is very good. Installation and use over a local LAN is simple. Setup for viewing over the internet is more complex and can be frustrating if you have never done it. I use a free dynamic dns service for other cameras I own. I simply added this camera as a new host onto the existing account which provides for the port forwarding. For myself, I used the provided Panny software to manually setup a STATIC IP with the port I wanted to use. I have an ATT Yahoo DSL 2wire router which then must be accessed to allow access to the Petcam's selected port. This is pretty much a pain, but once you do it once, it takes about 10 minutes.For convenience, I ran a powerline ethernet adapter from my 2wire modem. I can use the Petcam from pretty much any location with a plug for a powerline adapter and the power supply for the camera. Low light capability for this camera is pretty good. Again, for the price, this is a very good camera.
I am very pleased with this camera. The Pan and Tilt features work better than I expected and the field of view is quite good. The image quality is very good at the maximum resolution setting. The only problem I have is with the viewer/recorder software. The software works great, but can only be used on a single computer to record a single camera. Setup of this camera for viewing over your home LAN is very simple. To monitor the camera over the internet is considerably more difficult, however. I have not called tech support, but other posters have reported the support as excellent. If you are not familiar with static IP's, dynamic dns, port forwarding etc., I would recommend calling tech support for step-by-step help in getting setup to view the camera over the internet. Also, note that this camera does not support WPA wireless security. You can easily switch to wired mode with a switch on the bottom of the camera. For myself, I like the flexibility of using the camera at certain locations where wireless WEP is adequate while at other times and locations, I switch to wired mode for convenience and security. The number of positive reviews for this camera are right on!
I received my Kensington PocketMouse Mini USB Mouse as a white elephant gift at the office Christmas party, and I love my mouse! It is tiny - and that is terrific for my little hands. It's the first mouse that doesn't make my hand ache from stretching out to use it. Could be awkward for people with large hands. The cord is super short and doesn't get tangled with anything. When you're done using it the cord retracts very tidily. Of course, could be too short depending on your setup. The tracking and scrolling is excellent. My first mouse that doesn't get tangled up with pet hair. No problems with setup, just plug it in, and it sure beats the touch pad on my laptop. For the price [...] it is a good deal. Especially, if you have small hands and like short retractable cords.
I will be brief. This is a great camera but it does not have the date/time stamp option which I took for granted as being available on all newer digital cameras. My previous camera had it and for me it is a very important feature. After all, we look back on photos for the memories they bring and knowing the date (and/or time) that the picture was taken is VERY important to me.
This cable is made extremely well. Thumb screws are easy to turn. Love it! Will most likely use for years to come.
It's a great TV. I bought from Amazon years ago and it's still running strong. The max resolution it supports when hooked up to a computer is 1280x1024. Overall picture quality is outstanding though. Bright picture and rich blacks. The remote is horrible. Controlling some of the PIP functions may take you a while to figure out. The speakers on each side of the screen make the monitor seem a lot bigger then it actually is. The speakers are extremely loud and actually sounds really good. I will run this set until it dies.
I bought this hard drive to install in a modified Xbox and it's still running to this day. No issues.
This kit comes with lenses that way stronger than my telescope can handle. It also includes a barlow to double the magnification on any lens you have and lens filters for looking at the moon etc... I've read in other reviews that it's not a super high quality kit but it totally does a fantastic job in my opinion.
I have owned only one MP3 player before: an iRiver H10 20GB. It was huge compared to this tiny player. I was truly surprised at the physical size of this Samsung YP-Z5. It's so tiny. Mine is a refurb. I can't stand using Windows Media Player to transfer music to any MP3 player, so I tried to get the player to work in USB mode (also known as UMS mode) as a regular storage device. No luck. My player shipped with version 1.08 of the firmware. I visited Samsung's site and downloaded the 2.47 version of the firmware and installed it. Installation was clunky and I wasn't sure if anything was happening once I chose "upgrade" on the YP-Z5. The upgrade took quite a while (5 minutes at least) and it never turned itself back on after it completed the firmware upgrade. So I turned it on myself, it appeared to lock up at the bootup Samsung logo screen, but after a while it finally loaded. It no longer loads slowly...must have been a one-time thing after the firmware update.The firmware update allows you to use the YP-Z5 in UMS mode now. You just need to go to Settings--->System Info--->Toggle "UMS only" to "On." Now it will connect as a storage device on your computer...store whatever you want to on it!So far so good. I just wish it had a microphone to record voice memos and the like. All that aside, it's a great little player. Cheap, small, easy to use. I recommend.
I hate these. First the sound is awful. It's good on bass but treble is muffled to death. The fit is awful, it falls off way too easily. It only fits on some not all. It's not in a ballpark range, it's only for people with big ears. I recommend getting something else.
I have been using this reader for a few years and it works effortlessly. Never had a problem with it. I'm always thinking I'll get rid of it because it's clunky, but then I'll find that I need to use it. I keep it in a drawer. One day I plugged it in with 3 different kinds of cards in at the same time and found out it can work that way - created a different drive for each card. That was easy.
First of all, I would like to start with highly recommending this camera to ANYONE who wants premium image quality with expandability, power and flexibility.Pentax is one of the only companies out there that is driven entirely by photography and NOT by a marketing department that makes outrageous claims. To this end, even this, their lowest-end camera, is PACKED with premium features. Let's take a look at them:1. Dust Reduction: Dust WILL get into your camera! This keeps it off of the sensor and increases the time inbetween cleanings.2. Shake Reduction: It's good for a couple of stops of shooting leeway and you get it with every lens you use. Other companies build their systems into the lenses, meaning ONE lens can cost as much or more than the camera, itself! Lens-based anti-shake systems are more effective at long zoom than body-based systems, but unless you're rich, you won't be able to afford a suite of good lenses! With this camera, you can use ANY Pentax lens and get anti-shake.3. AA batteries: Proprietary battery packs are NO GOOD. Hmmm, if you're on a shoot and your pack dies, you're not taking ANY photos unless you get a spare, right? With this camera, pick up some 2500mAh Ni-MH AA's and you can afford to get three sets. However, the power drain is so small, you might not need more than one set.4. 6 MP sensor: Don't EVER get trapped in the megapixel hype. Megapixels mean nothing in the DSLR game, except for noise issues. Let me explain. The sensor sizes on almost all DSLRs (except for $5000 full-frame pro cameras) are APS-sized, meaning the sensor size on this camera and the Nikon D300 are very nearly the same dimensions. This means that photosensors on the chip have to be made smaller to get more pixels...meaning that the closer together/smaller sites are LESS light sensitive and they will also interfere with each other. 6 MP is a perfect sweet spot for noise and image sharpness. You get a base ISO of 200, meaning your camera is TWICE as sensitive to light as one with a base ISO of 100! This camera records color accurately and makes prints up to 8.5"x11" with no problem.This camera has huge features and, even with the release of the K20D and K200D cameras, still maintains a good feature/image quality set with a proven CCD sensor and a suite of easy-to-learn features and settings. I LOVE this camera and even though I have a K200D for the weather sealing and larger burst capacity, the K100D super is the camera I ALWAYS take with me in trips. You're better off getting this camera plus a really nice lens and a 360FZ flash than a more expensive camera with a base kit lens and no external flash.Believe me, this camera's quality will not fail to impress you and it will grow with you. It can use ANY lens its bigger brothers can and it uses them effortlessly.A superb camera and one for the record books!
I bought this cable because Morgort the Mighty says he uses a $350 audio cable to strangle HIS enemies and he isn't better than I am just because he wears a belt of Fire Giant strength! I ordered this cable and it arrived on the back of a pegasus (FedExian the Winged Messenger) within 3 moons. Excellent! As an 8th level Psionic Warrior, I was eager to hop into the Astral Plane and see what kind of damage this baby could inflict against astral filchers!Well...it was OK, but this thing really needs a + THREE enchantment instead of only +2. See, it was forged on the material plane, so it becomes only +1 in the Astral Plane and that's just not enough to overcome the damage reduction of the Githyanki I'm running into all the time. It's a nice garrote, but tell me if you can find a neck on an astral ghost and I'll give you 50 gold pieces for the info! It works just fine on the Material Plane, but who cares about that? If I want to whip someone with a cable on my OWN plane, I'll just use a mighty whip +4!The bard Amazon sings constantly of this cable, supposedly forged on Mt. Gulfwarden by the dwarves of Denon...but I think it's just a Calimshan knockoff made from melted-down Lubaskan coppper pennies and old Athabascan smallclothing...In any case, it's at least stylish and good for astral encounters up to CR 6. But for the discriminating warrior, you're better off with a flaming greatsword or a ghost touch halberd.The worst part is when I went over to Morgort's yurt the other day and he showed me all his Astral trophies he keeps in a pocket dimension...color me GREEN with envy! All he kept saying was, "Oh, how's that cable of YOURS doing? "ARRRRRRRRRRRRGH
I purchased this to switch between my PC and a new mini Mac.Design:The cords are premium quality and come with velco snaps, which really impressed me. They didn't have to do that (no one else does), and that demonstrates how committed they are to little details. Also, having buttons to switch between computers is essential. I DO NOT recommend any KVM that relies on "hot-keys" whatsoever; I speak from experience. Again, I *STRONGLY* advice against buying any KVM that relies on "hot-keys" rather than providing actual buttons on the unit.USB:The USB on the Mac is immediate; the mouse is active as soon as I switch, which really surprised me. It takes about 5-10 seconds on my PC (Windows XP), but that's acceptable. Also, having the extra USB ports is nice because I can share my USB printer/scanner between both computers.Speaking of which... Every so often, when I switch back to my PC, it decides to "re-recognize" the printer -- you can see the "New Hardware Found" dialogue pop up in the system tray -- which also automatically sets this printer as my default printer. This is HIGHLY annoying, as I don't realize what happened until I send a document to be printed and it starts printing in my color printer. Like I said, this probably has nothing to do with the KVM, just FYI.Video:There is a noticeable difference. It's like the difference between aliased and non-aliased text, i.e. the text is just a bit blurry. You may not notice for lower resolutions like 800x600 or possibly 1024. I was able to change my monitor settings so that the display for one PC was perfect, but then my Mac displays a bit blurry.Conclusion:If crisp video is not essential, this is a great choice. I've tried MANY models, and so far this is the best. And, like I said, since I haven't been able to find a KVM that didn't reduce video quality, I can't really fault this one too much.FYI, I received a black unit even though the Amazon picture is white, which I prefer anyway.
I bought THREE of these things over the last two years ... at least two of them from Amazon. (The actual model number was different -- XVC20U in black -- but it's basically the same combo deck they've been selling for several years now. Now they've added progressive scan and DVD burner, other than that it looks like the exact same thing that I bought.)They worked fine at first, but after a while, DVDs started freezing up on them. Oddly, I have absolutely NO trouble playing music CDs in the very same drives.DVD freezing has happens on ALL THREE of them, but it is worse on the unit I have used most. It seems to do it less when the machine or the DVD has cooled down. It gets worse over time. Lens cleaning with a disc-brusher, lens cleaning via taking off the case for direct contact cleaning, and air-pressured dusting -- all do no good.Anyway, thanks to JVC I have several hundred dollars worth of DVD players that don't play DVDs ... other reviews (under various model numbers) suggest there's not a chance JVC will make good on them.I have had, in the past, good luck with JVC TVs and car stereo units, and I try to stay loyal to brands, suppliers and what not. But I seriously doubt I will be making any other JVC purchases due to these things. I suppose JVC doesn't place much value on their brand or image or they wouldn't have dumped this stuff into the marketplace.It seems to be getting harder and harder to find companies that bother to make products that are actually worth what you pay for them. I suppose companies that rip-off customers and laugh their way to the bank must be part of the "new economy" I keep hearing about.
I bought three of these for my home last week to replace a pile of remotes in my living room, den and bedroom. For each room, I needed at least some of the buttons on each of the remotes to do this or that. No more, thanks to the "learning" function.You start out, of course, by putting in the code for each device as found in the table in the back of the manual. Under Satellite, DirecTV codes were listed but not my DishTV device. No problem. The "search for correct code" function found it after just a few keystrokes.Now, after that, some of the functions were missing. For instance, after coding in my DVD device, the Sony600 remote did not seem to have a button that would open/close the DVD tray door ... even though the original DVD remote did. No problem. This Sony600 easily "learns" what your original remote buttons do. The Sony600's DVD "exit" button didn't do anything, so I taught it to do what my original remote's "open/close" button did. How? Basically you just point the two remotes head-to-head, push the Sony600's "learn" button, push the button on the Sony600 that you want "to learn," then push the button on the original remote that you want "to be learned." Ta-da! Save the "learning" and you are done. I was able to transfer EVERY function from ALL my other remotes onto my Sony600 ... I now have one remote (in each room) that will do EVERYTHING ALL the other remotes did.AND the range is much better than the old remotes as well.Plus you can train the Sony600 to record and replay a sequence of keystrokes you make on the Sony600 ... it will replay the sequence with a one button touch (the A-B-C-D buttons at bottom are for that). I trained it to do several of these "macros" as well. For instance, I have some wireless headphones attached to the TV ... to make them work, I have to go into the TV's menu and work my way over to the place where I redirect the audio output and such. Turned on the Sony600 "learn" mode, then just performed all the required kestrokes .... TV, menu, down, left, left, enter and so on ... then saved it to the button at the bottom. It's just that simple.All that for under $25. This is an excellent investment, run out and get one today !![Update: August, 2010] I just bought another one of these (to replace one that I broke) from Amazon. I was shipped a black one. It used to ship in silver. There are some silver ones hanging on the shelves at BustBuy, etc. Personally, I like the black look better except the blue buttons would have looked better in black as well. Anyway, other than the color scheme, it's the exact same device, whether you see it in black or in silver.
NOTE: This review is a copy&paste; of my review for the previous generation SKU ... Sony DVPNS50P.DECEMBER 2005: I have only had this item for about three weeks or so. I am hoping that it "holds up" over time, unlike a lot of other DVD players on the market that apparently fail so quickly they are practically disposable in nature.The "pros" on this item (so far) are:* sleek, slim, uncluttered look of the unit* comes in either black or silver, so you can match it up to your other devices.* easy set up. There's a electrical plug, trip-RCA jacks and an S-video jack. Hook-up is a snap. Hardware-wise, the device, then, is really uncluttered.* seems to be a good deal for the price.The "cons" (so far) are:* as said elsewhere by other reviewers... it IS slow. Slow to boot a disc. Slow to re-start a disc that has been stopped. Just slow.* the display readout on the front of the box. It scrolls words like "welcome," "open" "close" and "no text." The firmware engineer was apparently out to lunch on this one. There's not even a clock display. It will display the time the DVD has played, thank goodness.*the on-screen menu is pretty lame. Must have been the same engineer. The menu choices are only displayed as cryptic graphics, and the choices for each graphic are brief and uninformative (as in "on, off, auto" or similar types of statements). You will absolutely have to work through the manual to figure it out. And you won't find a lot of useful functionality after you do. It is a pretty bare-bones box.* The remote control could use a good bit of improvement. The text is large enough to read ... but the buttons barely protrude from the face. You have to grasp this thing firmly, get your finger right on the button and apply a good bit of pressure to score. And a lot of the buttons can't be pushed while the thing is sitting on the coffee table ... the back of the device is beveled at the top, so if you press on the buttons near the top -- common usage buttons like TV on/off, box on/off and open/close -- while it is sitting on a level surface, the thing just flips up in the air. And the range is horrid. It can't handle getting its signal over the edge of my coffee table three feet away from the box. You've got to pick it up and aim it directly at the device if you want the box to respond. There's no facilitation for using the remote at night (no glow in the dark, backlighting, light-through, etc.) AND the remote came in silver. Who at Sony thought that I would want a silver remote if I bought a black box? Was molding cases for the remote in two different colors too big a challenge for them ... or did it just make it easier for Sony to manage its inventory?* The box has already told me "no disc" incorrectly a couple of times. Jogging it opened and closed resolved the issue. Either the tray is not designed to align the disc 100% when inserted ... or this is an indication the device is going to have read problems down the road. Time will tell.Still, IF it is quality, IF it is durable, then it's worth what I paid for it.UPDATE: September, 2006. After owning one for almost a year ... and buying two more this summer ... I can still recommend this unit. Every once in a great while, it gets confused enough so that I have to unplug it from the wall to "reboot it." It has tracked flawlessly on almost every DVD ... just a freeze here and there on some heavily used Netflix rentals. I do not see any evience of dual-layer freezing. This SKU is out of production, but the current SKU (Sony DVPNS55P)doesn't look much different and so it is probably just as reliable.
I'm using this splitter to connect an LCD projector to a desktop computer.While all attempts to split a video signal are prone to noise and loss of clarity / brightness / sharpness, this is a very cost effective solution (in conjunction with an equally cheap 25' VGA cable) to providing both LCD projector and desktop monitor output simultaneuosly.In over 50 installations, I've only had 2 where the disturbance to the monitor was too great to "live with". In each of these cases, replacing the CRT monitor with an LCD monitor completely removed the objection.
I bought this for my husband in 2006 and 3 years later he is still using it daily on his runs and loving it. So if you are looking for an inexpensive player with staying power you have found it!
I had a Kensington TurboRing and LOVED it. The TurboBall is their current warranty replacement as the TurboRing is no longer available.Using a trackball with the fingers is, for me, much more comfortable than using one operated with the thumb. I get a pain similar to old Atari joystick thumb cramps when using thumb-movement trackballs. The finger movement on the TurboBall is quite smooth and very precise.The scroll wheel on the TurboBall is in a USELESS location. There's no way to use the wheel without moving the entire hand off the unit or contorting one's thumb into an extremely uncomfortable angle. This makes the wheel all but UNUSABLE for any frequent use.That and the roller mechanism used here is essentially the same thing as the TurboRing. Which means frequent cleaning and possible loss of the little red bearings. The bearing races do appear more sturdy than those used on the TurboRing (which is what broke on mine). But the rollers are still the same and probably just as likely to gum up. Mine tended to gum up once a week with daily (8+ hours) of use.It's really a shame, the best feature of the TurboRing, and what sold me on it, was the ScrollRing. Kensington has seriously missed the mark with design of the TurboBall. It'd have been OK if the scroll wheel wasn't in such a horrible location.Oh, but only if they'd put a ScrollRing around the ball of their Expert series trackball! I'd buy it in a heartbeat. It too suffers from a poorly placed scroll wheel.Kensington warranty support is excellent but getting this as a replacement for my TurboRing just doesn't cut it.
Like many other reviewers here, I've learned more about 2-ring, 3-ring, and 4-ring adaptors in the last month than I really wanted to - but the good news is that THIS one works! I have a SAMSUNG Alias 2 SCH-U750 and several adaptors that I've tried would not work.You need the 4-ring adaptor to get stereo output, since the phone's "headphone" port does indeed also have a microphone connection inside.Now that I know it works, I'm ordering 2 more to have available wherever I may need it (car, office, home, etc...)
When I brought it back to Walmart, the customer service person exclaimed "Not another one of these!"Yes it's a lemon. It worked some times, but never very well.Good idea - bad product. I'm going to try the Linksys version.UPDATE: I got a linksys. It works great.
Had one of this at the grandparents house, supporting a Tivo and a Mac Mini behind a cable modem. Pretty much the lowest possible use a device like this is ever going to see. It was a bit of a hassle to set up initially, mainly because the web interface tries to be too helpful. It seemed to lose the internet connection once a quarter, for the first year. Then it started acting up monthly. Now it's unable to stay connected for more than an hour.
I bought a 1080p TV (Vizio LCD) and decided to go with Blu Ray. Please know that without a HDTV, going Blu Ray is silly. Also know that HDMI is the only way you're going to get 1080p. As for the upconverting of 480p (standard DVDs) to 1080p, I can't say if it really looks that much better, however, depending on your TV, you might need the 1080p input for certain functions (specifically - smooth aspect ratio conversions). I didn't want a PS3 (and the headaches), so I decided on this model. It works fine, however IT IS SLOW! When turning on it takes nearly 60 seconds to wake up (yes I'm not that patient). I'm also disappointed in it's limited format compatability (would MP4 decoding be that hard Sony?). Those things aside, the picture is wonderful and Blu-Ray rocks. Both Blockbuster (#$*@!!) and my local mom & pop rental stores carry Blu-Ray and not HD DVD. Netflix also has an extensive collection.Important: Buy your HDMI cable online (I got mine for $1.51 and it works fine). "Monster" cables and the like are rip-offs. It's digital people! There's no such thing as high qualitiy 1s and 0s. Either it works or it don't.good luck!UPDATE: Okay, I was wrong about HDMI being the only way to get 1080p. I have since learned that the only way to get 1080p from my XBOX 360 is to use HDMI. Other components can push 1080p through component cables.
I have two of these SimpleTech Pininafarina portable devices in the solid black (no blue ring) 120 Gb flavor.I have had one of them for about a year and so far no problems. But I only use it to backup my data files once every couple of weeks or so - it's not getting 'heavy' usage. (Some of the reviewers around have lodged some failure complaints.)Looks very cool. Simple to use. Red light for power, blue light for read/write. Comes with some software on a disc that I trashed. XP recognizes it as a drive no problem-o. I didn't do any formating nor did I have to install any drivers. I can't speak to speed since I am actually running USB 1.1 on my machine right now. No case provided, but I picked up black Case Logic PDHC1 Portable Hard Drive Cases for about $10 each. The drive and the cable fit easily.The thing runs off of USB plug (just as advertised, not requiring AC current as one reviewer says). They have a plug in the back for a 5 VDC, 1.0A external power adapter (not provided) if you want to use that. The USB 2.0 to mini-B wire that does come with it actually has TWO USB 2.0s on it, strung in series. The instructions say that if the first USB is not giving up enough power, then plug the second one in for additional juice. I used wire ties to tie off the second USB plug. It is power only and if you use it by mistake as the primary plug, you'll be wondering why the thing is only working halfway. For me, the thing runs just fine powering off the one primary USB.Perhaps the earlier reviewer bought a larger capacity version of this drive that requires AC adapter use. Or perhaps the reviewer bought the non-portable version and it requires AC usage. That version is physically larger, but the style/shape is exactly the same. SimpleTech has a website, so anyone unsure can go check the specs on any flavor of the product.I respect Seagate quality, but it comes with software and I couldn't tell from the box whether I HAD to use it or not. It sort of reads as though I might. I just wanted an easily recognized drive to burn my data folder onto. (I rotate 'em - one off site, one on site, so if one fails, I basically still have another set of backups spread over time on the other one to fall back on.) That - and the fact this drive was about half the price - caused me to pass on the Seagate. If I were using the drive on a routine basis or for critical application, I would have tried to rely on Seagate quality first (and hoped the software was non-essential) without price being a concern.But, again, so far this thing has worked without a hitch.
I've become a fan of prime lenses. I own a 30mm Sigma 1.4 and now this 85 prime. I can only compare it to other Canon lenses and the two Sigma lenes I own (the others are zooms), and I must say that this is the best in terms of quality. I would not characterize this lens as a "walk around" or primary lens. I use the 30mm for that. It is however wonderful for sports photography and portraits. It's pleanty sharp at 1.8 and the bokeh is wonderful. The 85mm works out to somewhere near 135 with the aps-c sensor and it is just enough telephoto to give your subject some personal space. I use it indoors and out.5 stars are well deserved.
I really do like this bag. It's small, simple, protective and convienent. There are two pockets - one inside (which I do not use) and one outside which is fine for an extra battery or lens cover. The only drawback is the strap system. I removed the strap from the bag (easy), because I rely on the strap that is attached to my camera. Unfortuantely there is no easy way for that strap to be used while the camera is in the bag. If you remember the old black leather cases for the SLRs of yesteryear - they had holes in them for the camera straps to slide through. Thay way you could carry the camera in the bag by the camera straps (keeping the camera safely attached to your body at all times).The case fits my SLR with a shorter telephoto (85mm) or any shorter lens attached. It will not fit a longer telephoto zoom (250mm is too big).
the is a female to female ide connector it saved my pc that i brought hp67qt i thought i was never gonna get to put a hard drive in it works great and doesnt take up too muc space
There is a very (VERY) limited area where screen is dark from onlookers. Wish I didn't buy this.
The xd card is a great addition to digital photography in that it offers lots of storage in a very small form factor...hence smaller and lighter digital cameras. The xd picture cards are as fast or faster than other formats. Added to this, the Olympus picture card allows those who use the Camedia software from Olympus to stitch together several separate shots and make them into fantastic panoramas. Note that only the Olympus cards allow this feature to be used. As far as the "oh, no, another different memory card" people are concerned, I think they miss the whole point. It is not a matter of another format, as much as it is a reflection of new technology arriving on the scene. Of course, they will have to convert over to the xd card format if they want to utilize the new tech, but why cry about it? New tech will always leave people behind who refuse to 'get with the program'. The arguments for not being happy about new tech is as old as the people who once complained about flying machines not being meant for humans.As far as the negatives of the Olympus XD card, the primary one is the cost. It is more expensive than its competitors, but as with all electronic items, this too will pass and the items will become cheaper. As for all the complainers, if you don't like the new format, then *don't buy it*! As for the rest of us, we'll go on our merry way enjoying the benefits of the new xd card.
I previously preferred the Microsoft mice, but they have either gone wireless (don't want that), changed designs away from what I liked, or the worst - the quality just isn't there.I am a tech consultant and am on a computer at the very least 12 hours a day, so I need something that will last. The Microsoft mice were fantastic, I loved their feel, but their buttons weren't made well and would break quickly.The last one I had only 2 months before it broke.I bought this Logitech as a replacement and while I don't like the way it feels as much (too narrow for my tastes, but I have pretty big hands), it does exactly what I want.I will be buying these from now on, at least as long as they keep this design and build quality.I don't play games with mine, so I can't speak to how well they work for that, and I don't care how they look - I just want it to work well in daily use for a range of applications.
Folks, I've seen enough of the cry baby complaints about the Sandisk "not working after only a few days!" and each and every post, it is clear that the users failed to follow instructions. If the memory stick fails within a week, this basically means these techno-backwards people just pulled the darn thing out of the USB port without shutting down properly. Look guys, this point has been repeated here so often, you'd have to be an idiot not to notice. Please don't blame the hardware when it is your own fault and then write negative reviews about the product. I have had this unit for almost a year and it has performed flawlessly. The people who blew up their units are the same ones who blame the traffic lights when they get a ticket. C'mon and grow up! There should be a sign on the Sandisk for these people: "Warning: Must use brain." There, I feel much better now.
And to think they are originally from the manufacturer of the product, the Dymo brand.These ribbons are so bad, it is sheer luck if they work correctly. Should they work, they pull the ink ribbon along when they print, they have no middle-cut peel outs for ease of use, and they usually don't work. Something happens that the printing roll is badly coiled and when you insert it, it won't advance.One of the ribbons I actually had to break in order to make it work and about 30% of the printing roll was wasted, because the ink ribbon ran out due to the modification I had to make to see it work.I don't recommend you buy these, not to mention the fact that they are so expensive. Buy a generic brand instead. It will be cheaper and do honor to its price.
These headphones are very close to the quality that Sony was known for in the 80's and early 90's.Pro:-They sound great for the price. I am not an audiofile, so I don't sense a great difference between these headphones and the Shure product line.-With these headphones, you can't hear external noises and sounds.-The new wire design is great; wires no longer jump while you're moving. It is very convenient.-These headphones will actually fit your ear. Sony includes three distinct sizes of ear plugs; one that will most likely fit most people.Con:-There is some very light static, though it's not heard with anything (music, audio books, ...) you're playing.-While the new wire setup is great, I don't feel that there was enough distinct information on the box to tell you about it; I nearly ripped mine apart until I looked at the box closer. Ideally, there should actually be a piece of paper attached to the headphones themselves to educate consumers of this new design.
"Quiet and cool: An efficient convection cooling system and a thermostatically controlled fan keep this unit reliably cool and remarkably quiet." NOT!After twenty minutes, you will think you have a hair dryer and a vacuum cleaner on your desk. It also prevents my Kensington mouse from working.DON'T buy it!Mine is going back ASAP.
This works very well. It conforms to whatever shaped dash you place it on, and it does not move. I recommend it.
Yes, this fits a Garmin Nuvi, and it says which models it fits on the package when you receive it. Unfortunately, the Amazon description does not tell you which models. I bought a Nuvi 760, and under accessories, this was presented. I ordered it, but when it arrived it was too small for the 760.
I didn't use this right away so it was out of warranty when the tape player broke after very limited use. The CD player works but the unit doesn't have very good sound--very little bass even with BASS BOOST. I don't even like a lot of bass, but it is even too tinny for me. Not Amazon's fault, I guess you can't expect much for the price.
First off, I'd like to advise not to throw the box away before registering this product. The serial number is on the back of the package and you need it to claim the 2 year warranty registration.I bought this for the TI-Graph Link (Black) for my TI-86. It's an old serial link, which used to work on a Windows XP computer I used to have WITH a working serial port.Now most computers don't have serial ports, so I will have to buy the TI-Graph Link (Silver)Texas Instruments 94327 Ti Graphlink USBa 20+ USD value.Aside from this I don't know what else I can use this devise for. I tried saving the graph link with no success at all.I write this so you don't go making the same mistake. I can't rate the product higher, as my experience was disappointing.
Wanting for some time to get a better view of the stars, and motivated by the excellent reviews posted here at amazon, I purchased these binoculars two weeks ago. I cannot pretend to write about their performance from a seasoned veteran's perspective; rather, I just wish to point out to other newbies like me who are interested in making this purchase that they will definitely have to invest in a tripod. You simply will not be able to remain focused on any celestial objects using these with your hands and arms alone: the images will zigzag around within your field of view at the speed of light. Unfortunately, I have not yet purchased a tripod, because the compatible Celestron tripod here at amazon has been horribly reviewed, and because no information is included on what sort of tripod is compatible, and I don't know what my other options are. This means that I haven't really been able to enjoy the binoculars. I also wish to warn potential buyers that these binoculars, unlike Celestron's famed telescopes, are MADE IN CHINA! You will not be supporting U.S. technological labor by making this purchase.
The product description is severely lacking. Except for the audio port, this product does not work with my iPod Touch and iPod Classic 6G. If you just want the audio to play through the car stereo system, get a 3.5mm audio cable for much less money.
This product is very simple to install since it is USB. Once installed, the product works very nicely and seems to get very good reception. Great for people who don't want to install a wireless card in their computer, want to be able to easily transport the wirless adapter or use it on multiple computers, or who want to use if on a laptop.
I was helping my father set up his wireless network when we found out he could not get any reception in his living room. Part of the problem was that the wireless signal had to travel through several walls and a fairly long distance.The setup for this item was very straight forward and completed within a few minutes.Once connected the reception jumped from poor to no reception to a fair to average reception.I would highly recommend this product for those experienceing poor quality reception with their Linksys wireless LAN. Even though this booster does have some limitations, it is definitely worth a try if you are getting poor reception in some areas of your house.
I truly loved this mp3 until it required that I clean up the hard drive. Then what a peice of junk this turned out to be. At the point and time in which u have to defrag this crap is the time in which u send it in to be repaired or the time in which u throw it out of the window. I suggest choosing the latter.
Ok. Your computer motherboard has an unused 2x5 male-pinned header that serves up two USB ports. [Those are usually there in case you happen to have internal devices that expect to be powered, controlled and/or configured as USB devices.]And your normal-height computer case has an unused slot in the back.Who can't use more external USB ports, right? So plop down the $8 + s/h get this thing.The wires are short. I measured them at exactly 7.5" from base of the USB port to the very end of the wire header. Since the USB Ports actually sit an inch or more above the mobo, in practical terms, you're not going to get much more than 5 inches of reach. If you need an 12" extension cable, look at item cab-167 vended at FrozenCPU. Even the wire color is a match.There WAS a catch. The female end of this gizmo that plugs into the motherboard was mis-pinned. Swap the pins into the correct location and you're good-2-go.On the motherboard, the CORRECT pinout for a single USB internal header is:Pin1, Red, +5v (Power)Pin2, White, USB- (Data)Pin3, Green, USB+ (Data)Pin4, Black, GroundPin5, Void (OR an optional, heavier-gauge black wire for SGND, Signal Ground)I rec'd this gizmo pinned asPin1-RedPin2-VOIDPin3-WhitePin4-GreenPin5-BlackI had to carefully move the female pins around to correct this.Use the smallest jeweler's (or eyeglass repair) flat-tip screwdriver you can find. Gently and ever-so-slightly lift the small restraining flap in the plastic terminator--the end to lift is found at the lower edge of the little open square that reveals a part of the pin. The pin should slide/drop right out. Then slide the pin into the correct slot. The pin will click in place behind the restraining flap. Don't bust the flap off or ... well, you know.While this fix is simple enough, you can be sure that thousands of customers created immense amounts of costs and work for the manufacturer and vendors when they simply returned these things after finding the USB ports didn't work.As such, you can also be sure that somewhere, in some distant part of the world, the worker who built tens of thousands of these incorrectly -- a worker whose only job description was "insert Pin1 as red, Pin2 as white, ..." -- has now returned to a career in agriculture.UPDATE: I bought another one of these in August, 2011. It came (correctly) pinned as:Pin1-RedPin2-WhitePin3-GreenPin4-BlackPin5-BlackI guess the first one was just a one-in-a-zillion dud.
My husband surprised me with this at Christmas this year. I absolutely love it. We aleady own a Canon Rebel XT Digital camera and it is nice but a little much for carrying around on a daily basis. This camera is about the size of a deck of cards. The video feature is awesome. The battery life is good. I watch the videos on it and review the pics often and it still seems like it holds a charge for a long time. We did buy a Sandisk 1GB Ultra card for it and I bought a Samsonite carrying case for it because it was small and all of it fits in my purse nicely. I think anyone that wants an excellent small camera should definitely invest in this. My hubby did AWESOME this Christmas!
Counterfeits and defective returns used to ship "OEM" or "bulk" - stuffed in a plastic bag. Now you can get 'em "fulfilled by Amazon with frustration-free packaging."The picture shows an OEM box. I didn't ask for frustration-free packaging. The site didn't say a word about frustration-free packaging. In fact I paid twice the price that was available elsewhere inside Amazon just to make sure I GOT the OEM packaging. Because that increases the odds you are not getting worthless counterfeit junk.What came in the mail was a unit in Amazon's 'frustration-free packaging." That being shrink-wrap over a piece of cardboard. According to many complaining posters over the last few years, this frustration-free packaging is just a scam that allows sellers to get away with shipping out gray market units that were never-ever packaged for retail sale in the first place ... and/or defective units that were returned to the company than resold to third-parties for a quick buck ... third-parties that in turn dump the junk onto unsuspecting consumers looking for a bargain.I paid for OEM retail packaging for a reason----to be sure I got the real deal. Shame on Amazon for not shipping the item as described and posted.Just like tons of other posters said, this FM transmitter item is absolutely worthless. I plugged it up into the car and, even though I am only inches from the FM radio, all this gizmo broadcasts is a ton of static with only barely audible and intermittent evidence that there is music playing in the background. The "auto seek" function is also entirely defective, totally unable to identify unused frequencies. In other words, it's absolutely no better at DETECTING FM signals than it is at broadcasting them.I actually have OTHER FM transmitter gizmos ... such as thisMonster RadioPlay device. It works very very well, a recommended product. So there's no misunderstanding on my part, folks. This Zune transmitter gizmo is dysfunctional junk, junk, junk.The charger on its own works. But of course, by itself, the charger could have been had for a lot less moolah than this. So it's still a rip anyway you look at it.My guess is that the REAL OEM Zune product does a somewhat decent job (and those are the ones the reviewers are saying work OK) ... but that all these other units reviewers are complaining about being junk are ... I'll say it again ... worthless counterfeits. Which is why it never had retail packaging in the first place when DirectDeals4U gave it to Amazon to fulfill using "frustration-free packaging."Don't buy this thing, you'll just be pi&&ed; off that you did.Happy Motoring !
This review contains a detailed discussion of what all the wires are, what they do, how this gizmo works, and the other items you'll need to pick up at "The Shack" first.I was using a setup based on aMonster RadioPlay 300 Wireless FM Modulator. This was the best of the wireless units by far ... but after time I found that I had to jiggle the wire around to get a static-free signal. So I migrated to this highly-rated hard-wired Audiovox product.This gizmo has five wires strung off the control box:(1) a hot red positive wire (to splice to SWITCHED 12V since it draws power) with an inline on/off switch(2) a black ground wire(3) a female FM antenna jack(4) a male FM antenna plug(5) a wire leading to a set of red & white RCA stereo female jacks (to accept the audio signal from your personal audio device).Most of the wiring has little square plastic cubes inline, that I assume to be the noise filtering "isolation" technology.During the installation, you connect your male FM antenna plug into this gizmo's female jack, then connect this gizmo's male antenna plug into your radio's female jack.The way this gizmo works is that it toggles between your FM antenna audio signal and your personal device's audio signal (eg, MP3 player, phone, etc.). When you flip the gizmo's switch, the signal coming from the FM antenna is entirely cut off from the radio ... and instead the signal coming from the gizmo (via the RCA jacks) is sent down the wire directly into the FM radio. The result is absolutely no static resulting from an imperfect wireless signal (as I was getting with the wireless Monster product) and no noise from FM radio stations either. The sound is near absolutely perfect. Flip the switch back and your FM antenna signal is completed and your personal device signal is cut off.You'll need to stop by 'the Shack' to get some extra parts:(1) Most people are going to need a mini-phono STEREO jack to connect a phone or an MP3 player. So you need a wire with a pair of RCA red&white; male plugs on one end and a male mini-phono STEREO jack on the other. (If you have an iPod you'll have to source an equivalent wire with the correct iPod terminator on the one end). Double-check before you buy; mini-phono MONO jacks and mini-phono STEREO jacks look very very similar.(2) The switch provided is ugly and flimsy and awkward. Pick out a switch that you can live with at the Shack and splice it inline and remove the flimsy switch.The red hot positive wire also has a generic plastic twist-open fuse holder inline. There's trouble. You're going to stash this wiring deep inside the dash ... and you're not going to want to pull the dash out every time some little something-or-other starts popping fuses. Cut the fuse out of the hot wire lead ... and simply make sure that whatever wire you splice into for switched power is a line with a fuse.The control box has a small switch on it to toggle between two FM frequency choices - the FM frequency you will tune to in order to hear your personal device. Choose wisely since once you stash the control box up in the dash, you're not going to get to change it again. On the other hand, what does it matter, there's not going to be an iota of interference from real FM radio stations, anyway.There's some other wiring provided you probably won't need: (1) a lengthy extension cord for the RCA jacks, in case you are wiring into a device mounted in your trunk, and (2) a wire that converts the pair of RCA plugs into a single MONO RCA male plug ... who'd want MONO anywho?Easy to comprehend, easy to install, product. There's just a ton of labor involved - - pulling out the dash & radio, plugging and splicing, drilling a hole to mount the switch, stashing all the wires (and all the wires off the control box are overly lengthy), putting it all back together.But the payoff is nearly perfect stereo sound out of your personal audio device coming out of your car's sound system ... at the flip of a switch.Happy motoring!
this printer is junk.after a couple months of low usage,it now jams all the time.the power supply also died, and i had to replace it at high expense.and now i have this jam problem.what a piece of junk!and as usual, the windows xp sw drivers are awful. 180 mbytes! give me a break. and no linux drivers available. and no simple/small drivers available.no more hp photo printers for me.
Purchased for my original Tom Tom GPS and still use use it with an upgraded model. A very handy accessory to have for the GPS.
I bought these diffusers as well as a similar white diffuser to use with an ALZO Digital zoom/tilt/swivel Porta-Flash rather than the Canon 580EX flash that they are made to fit. They are a very tight fit on my flash but they do fit and I like the tight fit because I don't have to worry about them coming loose under use. If you don't understand why you would need diffusers in these colors the truth is that you almost certainly don't need them if you have any kind of modern electronic digital camera because these cameras are intended to adjust for existing light that is either too "cool" or too "warm" - most digital cameras do this automatically. However,these diffusers still might be used for insurance purposes by photographers who need to have certain photographs turn out with the correct color balance. I haven't tried it yet but I intend to use them for special effects photography. They didn't cost much so I felt that it was worth a try.
This is a simple little device. It has one button.To get it to work, though, you may have to change the shooting mode on the camera. Basically, you have to tell the camera to respond to the remote control. And you have to point the rounded end at the receiver. I have a D-40; don't know if this is true of other cameras.EDIT: This is all true of the Nikon D5000 also. 07/07/2010.
This set has an incredibly sharp picture and excellent color. It dislays HD DVDs and Hi def satellite pictures with better clarity than I have ever seen (we also have a 1080p lcd, a 1080i crt projector, and a 720p plasma set) and it is incredible to think there are no bulbs to replace, no spinning color wheel, and no plasma burn in to worry about. My son notices a brief shimmering effect at times, but I have never seen it and the picture has always looked excellent to me. I will probably buy another one to replace the plasma, which looks inferior by comparison.
After going through 2 Denon 160"X" receivers that each failed after a couple years of moderate use, I decided to try Onkyo. This is put together very well and sounds great through by Bose Acoustimass 9 set up. The remote is so much better than Denon. 75 watts per channel is plenty if you have neighbors and/or don't need to have your ears bleed to enjoy movies and music. As others said, it gets hot so ventilation is key. DO NOT put anything on top of this unit and leave at least 3 inches of clearance on top. If you're really into all the HDMI video upconverting features you need to get a higher-end model. I use the Linksys wireless music bridge and play MP3's and internet radio stations from my living room computer via my network and into the receiver through an optical cable. I'm happy with this unit so far and the price was right.
It jams too often and you cannot get to the jammed paper easily, it tells you its out of ink when it isn't, it won't print in black & white when yellow ink is low, ink is very expensive, the document feeder is unreliable, but the print quality is good. Now if only the rest of it was, but I wonder if there are any good, reliable printers out there at all?
This Sunpak Mini-PRO Plus Table Tripod with pan head and black anodized finish was bought to replace mySunpak MINI-PLUS Mini Tripod with 3-Way Panheadof equal size mainly because of the pan handle but the anodized finish is nice, too. I gave someone else theSunpak MINI-PLUS Mini Tripod with 3-Way Panhead.
I USE THIS BAG TO CARRY SEVERAL ACCESSORIES FOR MY KODAK EASYSHARE Z1485 CAMERA. I USE A SEPARATE LOWEPRO REZO 60 CAMERA BAG TO CARRY THE CAMERA.I CARRY A LARGE FLASH, A FLASH HANDLE, 3 FLASH DIFFUSERS, AN AC ADAPTER, VARIOUS RECHARGEABLE BATTERIES, SPARE MEMORY CARDS AND A COUPLE OF OTHER THINGS IN THIS BAG, WITH ROOM FOR MORE.IT WON'T CARRY ANY OF MY THREE DIFFERENTLY-SIZED PAN-HANDLE SUNPAK TRIPODS, BUT I HAVE SEPARATE SUNPAK CARRYING BAGS FOR THOSE.I DON'T THINK THAT BETTER CAMERA BAGS THAN THE LOWEPRO REZO LINE ARE AVAILABLE FOR ANYWHERE CLOSE TO THE SAME PRICE.
I just got my RD2840 yesterday and it rocks! The problem previously mentioned regarding lack of resume has been fixed. If you already have the unit you can upgrade the firmware on the RCA website.You can turn it off and when it comes back on it remembers where it was. Since I have huge mix directories on the drive this is essential.Battery life is great. It lasts an entire 8 hour work day for me.
It worked ok for about 2 years. Then one day, it just stopped working. Two years was just too short I think. So I give two stars. I won't buy this again.
THE BASIC CONSTRUCTION OF THESE FIFTY DISKS IS AS GOOD AS ANY. I LOVE THE HIGH-GLOSS PRINTABLE (I HAVE A PRINTER THAT WILL PRINT THEM) SURFACE. I CAN FIND NO COMPETITORS FOR THIS HIGH-GLOSS ITEM AT ANY PRICE. THE PRICE OF THE DISKS WAS RIGHT. I'M GLAD THAT I BOUGHT THEM.
I've been using this remote control for about two months now. It is so simple and easy to set up (Just hook it up to your computer via USB and follow the easy-to-use Wizards.. Voila!) and the best part of all: It works! It has replaced a total of FIVE remote controls now (TV, DVD, Receiver, iPod, and Cable Box) and can still handle more.This remote comes with an optional-to-use device that uses radio frequencies versus infrared, so you can close the doors to your entertainment center/cabinet and still use the remote-perfectly! My setup has the TV on top on a cabinet-style stand, so the TV is always in view, and the electronic devices are all safely/neatly inside. I only have to open the doors when I'm putting in a DVD!This gets my absolute highest recommendation. If you don't need the radio frequency device, you can get the 880 model. It's cheaper but works otherwise exactly the same.Walt D in LV
I purchased this to use with my Nuvi 660. We installed it and afterwards the Nuvi could not understand where you touched the screen. You could not use the touch screen. The shipping was as much as the product for something that doesn't weigh as much as a letter. I'm not sure if any other Screen Protectors will work, but this is not worth the money.
Definitely much better than other cases I've tired for my iPod, but it's a bit flimsier than it looks in the picture (this is NOT something akin to a Sports Walkman).In particular, the belt clip is very annoying in that it has a hook shape at the bottom where it slides into your belt. If you wear it on your gym pants, for example, the hook will snag onto your drawstring when you try to slip the iPod off, and the belt clip will come off of the case. You'll have to put the iPod down somewhere and use two hands to pry the belt clip off of your pants and to snap it back onto the case.But overall, it's a nice case with an excellent latch mechanism. I haven't found anything better out there, despite several tries.**ADDENDUM** After less than two years of light use, the latch no longer stays shut and my iPod keeps falling out of the Showcase. I asked Contour to replace it, but they said the warranty had expired. Today my iPod fell out of the case on the treadmill and got smashed. When I replace my iPod, I will NOT be buying a new Showcase -- or anything else from Contour Design.I wish to downgrade my rating of this case to 1 star. If it doesn't hold the iPod, it's of no use.AVOID THIS PRODUCT.
Our nuvi 200 (several years old) had stopped working. I called Garmin and they immediately asked if I had replaced the charging cord with a third party item. I had. Garmin suggested an OEM cord and said they could sell me one or I could buy it online. Amazon had the best price. Cord came right away and immediately solved the problem.
Just got this to transfer my old VHS tapes that I recorded to my Macbook Pro (and later to DVD). The transfer quality was really good, even on tapes that are 19 years old.WHAT I LIKED------------+ Small, nicely designed housing+ Clean audio/video transfer+ Has input for S-Video, RCA Video, and DV+ No need for a power adapter if you're connecting to your computer using 6-pin Firewire output(A 6-pin FireWire cable is included)COMPLAINTS----------- Minimal Instructions/Documentation- If you're connecting to your computer via 4-pin Firewire, you will need to buy an optional power adapter. The instruction book says that only official power adapters are supported, so I am assuming that you need to buy from them directly. No details are given on the requirements for the power adapter, so you can't find one on your own at a Radio Shack.- DIP Switches are archaic. They are used to adjust settings (like between PAL/NTSC and to start up in DV or Analog input mode).OTHER NOTES------------ When you're transferring your old VHS tapes, note that S-Video VCR's will have a cleaner output than a normal VCR which does not (to my knowledge) have S-Video output- This product has Macrovision protection, so if you're thinking about transferring an old VHS movie, it won't work (unless your VCR can override this)- My VCR displays "Video Calibration" on the TV screen if it the old VHS tape shows static. This can be annoying since it's recorded in your transfer as well. But this is a VCR issue and not related to this product- I did 2 transfers of the same VHS tape while testing this. I noticed that the 2 transferred videos differ in a few seconds. One video was missing a few seconds of video at the beginning. I don't know if this is related to my software or this product.** Tested on a Macbook Pro (2007 model) with 2GB Ram, a FreeAgent 250GB harddrive, Final Cut Pro Express 4.0, and a JVC S-Video VCR
...I like my K-60. It's slow but not excessively so. It's dependable and it's quality is excellent.
Even by demoing this at Best Buy, or trying it out at a friend's house you can tell that if you're looking for near perfection in a gaming mouse, this mouse will answer your prayers for some $40 or your money. The only drawback I find in this mouse is the fact that it has a cord that can tangle, get caught, and choke you (no seriously my friend was trying to grab the mouse and I lifted it up and started waving it in the air so he couldn't get it, and it ended up wrapping around my neck). Still, not all wireless controllers and mouses are that good--batteries put annoying limitations, and sometimes the mouse's receptor has trouble getting the signal from the USB trasmitter thing. But overall this is a great choice. Highly reccomended for gamers--works well with WoW (World of Warcraft) and other MMORPG's like Guildwars and such. I hope this review was helpful to you (and I'm not who you think I am--lol).
The Diamond Rio 500 is an excellent musical device. The sound is great, better-than-CD quality, and the Rio is much smaller than those clunky portable CD players. The Rio is also very easy to set up, and the software loads on your computer and you are ready to ge within 10 minutes of opening the box.
wanted some inexpensive ear phones for wearing to football games, these fit the bill. Why spend a lot on something that is going to be shoved in a suitcase and jostled around all game??
I bought this for my Fiance and it exceeds expectations . We used it for Geocaching and it brought us to within feet of the Cache .Fun and easy to use .Would definately recommend .
These readers have a very high failure rate and getting it replaced under the manufacturer's warranty is a nightmare! Of the ten I purchased over the past 3yrs., all have failed in under 3mos. and I wasn't able to get them replaced by the manufacturer.... Buyer beware!
I am extremely pleased with the Sony stereo. I am ecstatic about the bluetooth feature as I store all of my music on my computer and it works great. Very clear. I also benefit from the Graphic Equalizer built into Media Player.
Finally an Affordable system to alert you of visitors.Wireless and battery operated design allows easy deployment.Care to note the limited range and try to keep the units close to line of sight.
This machine looks great. But from the product description, I can't be sure whether it has an auto document feeder, which is the main reason for me to buy an all-in-one. Can anybody confirm? How many pages does it handle, if it has one? Thanks a lot! I didn't mean to write a review before I buy it, but not sure where to ask this question. Thanks!
These are very similar to the Sr80s. Great overall warm sound with a bit more bass than the Sr80s. Materials used are better on these than the sr80s as well.
How rare it is that I can give a 5 to a product. It isn't perfect but virtually nothing is and this is close. How often do you buy something to find out it doesn't come equipped with the basics which require you to buy more later? How often do you wish that many other features were present when you find out all the limitations? That doesn't happen here. Where oh where do I begin?Let's start with the package. Not only do you get the mini-USB to USB-2 cable, but you ALSO get an ultraportable mini-USB adapater that is an inch long. But there's more. You get a cheap plastic cover with good cutouts for the buttons, you get an alkaline AA battery (how many never come with batteries?), decent pair of comfortable in ear headphones, necklace strap, acceptable software for ripping CDs and CONVERTING CDs and files from various formats to MP3, Ogg, WMA, etc., an EXTRA stereo to stereo 1/8" plug so you can go directly into a line in somewhere such as a car stereo -- nice so far eh? But you also do get a full GB of RAM too for a price that without the accessories is at or below the competition.Now let's get to the actual unit. The FM radio is OK (not super strong but what did you expect? It's very reasonable.) Sonic quality is very reasonable to very good too (and I'm a musician) but what really compensates for any deficiency is the wealth of options such as preset EQs, WOW, SRS, and various different settings you can use to completely change the way the music sounds in your headphones. Amazing - I didn't like the way some of the files played until I found a superb setting that emphasized the bass a little but also had middle edge. Very cool. Using a Palm Treo I can say that the sound is virtually as good if not better, with the ability to add more effects to customize the way you like the sound. It can be punchy!But there's more. You can setup various playlists, folders with different files so you can separate your albums and songs, It shows current and next song, does a quick fade from old song and fade into new song that really soothes the ear, records MP3 off the FM radio (!), has a weak but acceptable voice recorder (hey, it's just an extra) with a built in Microphone (only records in wav), upgradeable software (cool!), a neat blue light, and works forever on 1 AA battery (it really lasts very long, definitely over 30 hours.)You'll find the menus pretty well setup and it's understandable that there is a little learning curve because you can't fit loads of buttons on it. However, it's pretty intuitive. It DOES have a hold button to prevent accident turn-ons.Negatives? Very difficult to find and I'd say they are more wishful thinking for the next generation. Would be nice if voice recording would go directly into an encoded format. I wish the case was a little less plastic (the battery door is a little flimsy and handle with care.) Otherwise, this thing is barely bigger than an AA battery, is light, tiny, packs a HUGE amount of music if you put it in the superior OGG or WMA format (much more efficient than MP3)... oh yeah. Unlike the iPod you can drag and drop files onto it like it was a RAM stick and it will work to play audio files immediately and can also be used to store data.I am unusually harsh on products and like to find those where manufacturers created a labor of love and wanted to give consumers good value for their money by building the better mousetrap. This is and even for the money it didn't skimp. I love this thing and didn't even expect to buy one...
Mine included free 800 asa film! Did not read that in the descrition. The price is high! Wish it was cheaper! It is like a 35mm automatic camera without the batteries and a flash. I plan to have negatives only developed. Hope to save on the cost and then have my scanner that can scan in negatives to the computer. Scanner is the Canon mfr. CanoScan D660u. (is a USB connector). I believe it is avail here at Amazon.com. I have also heard of a Fuji 1x use 8 lens camera for golfing swing analysis. I wonder if it is cheaper!
Unfortunately the latest DVD Recorder from Sony, the HX715, still doesn't do DVD recording essentials. If you don't need component video in at 480i, won't be writing many DVDs and will just use to to record programs for later viewing, it's fine. If you have a DVD cam, VHS tapes to transfer or intend on writing video to DVDs with some editing and chapter marking, don't bother. Pioneer, Toshiba and Panasonic models cost half as much and do everything better. However, I'm still changing my review to a two and a half star, now that I know what else is out there and how they compare.Let's start on the bright side, it does feature component input (limited as above), does do +/- media and +DL (dual layer -- twice as much space on a DVD) which is also good. HDMI out is a limited benefit as for many you only have one HDMI input and you'll use that for your direct digital cable connection -- everything out from the HX715 is analog or a DVD which is at lower resolution. Additionally, many would rather get a dedicated DVD player so you don't ruin the laser in the recorder. (Most dedicated players at much less have much better picture than recorders.) The display is pretty... the unit is relatively sharp looking and built cleanly. Recording quality over component is excellent as is 16:9 (widescreen) recording which you CAN set flags for so your DVDs will also be ensured to burn correctly. I also like that many of the controls of the remote are also contained beneath the flip cover on the front panel. Sony is also the only DVR on the market with 12 bit DAC video converters and the picture out is very nice.The OK: This is perhaps the "easiest" recorder on the market to use. I was exasperated by it because the options to choose from are limited. On the bright side, choosing recording modes couldn't be easier, HQ, SP, LP, etc. Not too many. On the dark side, you'll run into situations where you really wish there were more. Chapter and scene editing couldn't be easier and removing portions of video is fantastically simple. Unfortunately those chapter marks and edits won't be retained when you burn to DVD. Same thing goes for VHS connections and inputs -- you can change the brightness, contrast and more so the input picture will be optimized but again, burning to DVD will look good but without chapters, thumbnails, etc. This is supposed to be the "easy man's" DVD Recorder and for that purpose it "works." Just realize that unlike a VCR, there will be few people who find any of these devices "simple."The Not So Good: Don't get too excited. Trying to accomplish even the most basic of tasks is a real challenge. Recording/archiving DV/VHS video or chapter marking is completely inadequate.(1) Component Input explained: It's not unusual but beware that you cannot simply connect the component out of your cable box to the HX715 UNLESS the picture is set to 480i. If you are using EDTV or HDTV (higher resolutions) and have a high definition cable box, you will need to set the cable box to standard/low resolution 480i each time you want to record. Not so bad but note that the HX715 will not pass through any other signal such as HDTV 1080i or 720 and you'll have a blank screen. This means that if you want to watch HDTV you will need either (1) your cable box and TV both have HDMI/DVI connectors or (2) a component splitter (not so good), you will need to pull out the cables out of your cable box and swap them each time.(2) There is no "burn and finalize" option like every DVR and software package: Almost all of the time you'll choose your titles to burn to DVD at once. "Finalizing" means you can't add any more video to the DVD and makes it playable in other DVD players. In most DVD recorders you'll be presented with a "record and finalize" option when you're burning and you're done. The process in the HX715 is create the play/title list and burn the DVD, then after waiting what can be minutes or hours, you must remember to make 8 more keypresses to another set of menus to finalize, wait until it finalizes and you're done. How many times will you forget to finalize after the DVD finishes burning? There is no warning, reminder, or quick way to finalize.(3) No Chapters on DVDs: On all DVDs you have "chapters" or quick index points to go to the beginning of the next scene. It's indispensible and all DVRs have such a feature. Incredible as it may seem, on page 76 of the HX715 manual it states "Note: When dubbing, any chapter marks you enter will be erased." This means that all the chapter mark editing you do on your VHS or DV transfers, TV programs, will NOT be transferred to playable DVDs. Now Sony does advertise a neat feature that when recording to HDD the HX715 can automatically create chapter marks at scene changes or commercials (works only sometimes). Sounds great! Unfortunately it all stays on the hard disk. The ONLY option to have chapters burned on a standard DVD is to have the HX715 insert 6 minute chapters automatically. The only way to save all your chapter mark work is to transfer to a DVD-RW in unplayable "video mode" and use another DVD recorder to write those chapters to a DVDR. Even "one touch dubbing" is misleading since putting in your DV tapes the recorder will find the chapters and write them to the hard disk but NOT transfer them to the DVD you write! What is the point in having these features? This is a huge embarassment at any price and makes the HX715 completely inadequate for archiving anything to DVD.(4) Other standard features are missing. You can search through your recordings to find thumbnails for each of your titles in your list, e.g. "1. Jamaica Vacation" shows a thumbnail of the beach next to it, etc. The HX715 will NOT transfer those thumbnails to your DVD. You get a text only list that looks like a DVD made years ago.(5) You can now "divide" titles you have recorded, e.g. if you have one recording that has a trip to the zoo and a family picnic outside, you can divide the titles. Weirdly Sony didn't give you the ability to combine titles though and workarounds are only partially successful.(6) Poor editing features: There is no simple way to view your video seeing the timeline and the chapters/chapter marks and inserting and removing them easily. Instead, Sony gives you some editing features jumbled in a "tools" menu along with other unrelated features. But who cares -- none of the chapters you create will make it to your DVDRs on the HX715 anyways!(7) If you haven't noticed, every DVR at half the price has "flexible recording" which means that it will take advantage of almost every bit of space you have on a DVD to make the best quality recording. On most others you get over 30 settings! Sony gives you only 8 (9 but it can't be recorded to DVD.) This means that if you have a recording that lasts 1 hour and 2 minutes you have to use a setting that lasts 1 hour and 30 minutes and you waste 28 minutes on the disc or almost 1/3 of the DVD. Sony wasted 2 of the few recording modes on 6 and 8 hour modes which are worse than average VHS -- this way the claim of 260 hours recording is technically true.(8) The remote is cheap and not well laid out. Rewind and fast forward, skip back and skip forward are not next to each other. All recording buttons are under a plastic lid that makes my old Trinitron remote from 10 years ago look regal.(9) TVGOS is a nightmare and this is Gemstar's fault. But it's also Sony's and every other manufacturer's for making you unable to simply turn it off. it will search for the TVGOS information incessantly. Documentation is indadequate. For most uses you will need for the HX715 control your cable box since not doing so will not allow you to record using the quality line inputs like component, s-video or composite as opossed to the crappy RF input. This means that you must turn your DVR on and off along with your TV. In order to receive the TV guide information the HX715 must be off but, when it is, you will not be able to watch TV. Thus when you first buy it be prepared to have it take 2-3 days to download the date OR you must not use your cable box for at least 24-36 hours. Navigating and setting up channels is a task that can take numerous hours since turning channels on and off and reordering them requires numerous keypresses -- it will take hours. There is no way to store your settings in the event the unit may lose the TVGOS data, which is not unheard of. This is not the TV Guide you see on cable. Whether any of this is able to be updated over air is unknown and unlikely.These days Sony means overpaying for old technology. The HX715 is internally virtually the same as the old 2004 models and the minimal "enhancements" were done by someone who has obviously never used a DVD or video recorder. Good luck.
The review below does a great job of extolling the virtues of this excellent tripod. I would like to emphasize that the 3001 may be the best non-carbon tripod out there for backcountry travel, whether day trips or extended excursions. I have used it extensively in the Alaskan wilderness with absolutely no problems - it packs light and small, bears sufficient weight for my backcountry rig, and is very durable. One drawback is on chilly evenings and mornings, the aluminum legs get cold! This can easily be fixed, though, with foam pipe insulation.
I bought the SD100 "docking station" knowing I was getting a glorified hub. But it was exactly what I wanted with a new laptop, which replaced a full size pc that was on the floor. I needed this hub to provide an extra four USB ports and the connection points below my desktop, because having five peripheral cables running across my desk was awful.The hub required Dell tech support to get it to work with my speaker system - an arduous process, mostly due to the incompatibility of this hub with Windows 7 64bit. But once the speakers worked I was happy - for 10 weeks. Now the ethernet port no longer lights up so I have to connect the ethernet cable to the laptop - a 3rd cable across my desk. I'm resigned to using a C grade product because I still need the other connections, but I'd never recommend the SD100 to anyone who can use something else.
These are by far the best ear buds I have ever owned just based on shear comfort but add in value and high quality sound reproduction you have an unbeatable product. I have fallen asleep with these buds in all night long with NO ear soreness like my Apple ear buds use to do. I cant say enough good things about them they are durable, inexpensive, high quality ear buds ENJOY...
Yes... this camera is not perfect but it can take GORGEOUS pictures if you just read the manual. I too personally miss and dislike the fact that there is no ISO setting but, like other manufacturers, these settings have been created in the consumer icon driven menu. There is a reason why there are over 2 dozen different modes to shoot pictures with to address the needs of most situations. It has a "sports" setting which will allow you to take pictures of objects in motion and even get a quasi "film" capture where the shutter will shoot rapid pictures in succession of 16 frames (fit into 7MP setting if you have it.) It doesn't work perfectly all the time but it usually does. Most of my pictures are gorgeous and all my friends say so.Regarding the battery life - these people are either not charging their batteries or are not bright enough to own a camera. I could EASILY squeeze out 100 pictures of my 2 batteries and usually more. These claims about 40 pictures and then it conks out - ridiculous. I don't believe many of these reviews any more and wonder if people are just plain vacuous or they have another camera from another brand so the reviews are mindless bashing.Regarding the autofocus, almost all of these cameras don't focus quickly. I had a Minolta which was the same. Get an SLR if you don't want to miss your quick baby shots. With an autofocus you'll win some but will also be frustrated for quick shots.For general purpose use, this camera is very good. It's small, uses double AA standard size batteries (none of those non-standard expensive Canon brand), standard SD card (no expensive proprietary Sony memory sticks) and is easy to hold in your hand. This camera is fantastic if you just learn how to use it. The 7MP photos enable you to blow up the detail in pictures which is rather remarkable. Like any camera, it's not perfect but at the $300 I got it for it's really been fantastic. My next will probably be an SLR and at least I know and have read about what I'm getting for my money.
I bought this to help me sleep. It has it all. Sleep timer, music, cd player, two alarms. I love it. The sound is great too.
If you want a camera then this is not the one. It is only 0.6 Mp so that should speak for itself. The recorder has features that are not that easy to use but it does record well. For example, if you want to rewind your recording then you need to press stop and play. It will not rewind and play from where you are but rather plays from the beginning so now you have to fast forward. If it is a long recording get your finger ready to sit on that button for some time. Now, here's the trick. If you want to add more recording, you have to let it play just before the end of the recording and hit record to addend the recording. If you miss and let it play to the end, well, time to start over from the beginning of the recording.It's also not easy to toggle to another file folder. There is a process involved in that. Over all not an easy recorder to use. I've gotten used to it since I use it every day but I would not get this for these and other reasons.I really wanted a recorder and camera in one and it was either this or pay over $400 for the sony which did not get good reviews.Good luck.***** New Info *****It didn't last 6 months. The screen turns off when recording after about 30 seconds. Since there are no alarms you will not be alerted that the battery is about to die or, the recorder just stopped working. Therefore after I dictate for three minutes I find out nothing was recorded. Every day or so it will just stop working so I have to shut it off and restart it. Now because of these issues I have to keep pausing and starting to record so the screen will light back up so I can see if it is still working. Oh, and now that you have to re-record when the battery dies, you will also need to reset the time and date. It does a lot of other quirky stuff that can't be explained. Also, the cradle is so touchy that that I have to keep removing it and setting it back so it will stay connected to the PC. Too many other frustrating features to mention. DO NO BUY THIS.
I bought a set of these like eight years ago at Wal-Mart and found them to be bar-none the best headphones for working out. Because they have the top-piece that rests on the top of your head, they WILL NOT move when working out, especially running. They also don't have any spongy-cushioning so you can SWEAT all over them and just wipe them off afterward. They're TOTALLY light too.I tried Bose, Apple's ear-buds, all of them fall out, but not these. Once you adjust them and get them good and tight, they stay SUPER-SNUG. For the money, it's a no-brainer.The sounds is pretty good, but it's the fit that's perfect. I have to have music when I run but I HATE it when ear-buds won't stay in, so these are the ones for me. I'm ordering another pair now because after eight years of being beat up, sweated on, carried around in bags on my daily commute, on airplanes, after eight years and hundreds of work-outs, one of the ear-speakers is dead.Time for a new pair. What a value. By far the best, take it from me.
I loved my MuVo, it's awesome. But after a few weeks of use, it stops playing mp3's. Still works as a usb hard drive, but stops playing mp3's. Not only that, but it also drains batteries that you put in, even if it's not being used after this problem occurs. My muvo, and my friends muvo had the same exact problem. Save your money, don't buy this just yet. If this problem was not present, I would defenitely give it 5 stars.
I have had this camera for a few days now and am just plain wowed with the quality of the pictures. The shape is a nice departure from the 900 series twisty body but w/ all the features and a huge jump in image quality.I am a Nikon owner since I was 13 years old (a Nikormat and then the first FM) and have continuously been impressed w/ their quality. The camera did at first ship with a couple of hiccups in the software but that's since been fixed with all of them currently shipping.Nikon has also added a external flash hot shoe so you can get much better flash photos. It has an internal flash but if you want to really get a more natural light, add a flash as well and you'll be all set.Happy photos!
I have been using it coiled up for the meantime behind my HDTV setup. Currently I don't need to use the full length, so I am only running about 6 feet of it. That said, it gets some pretty annoying signal noise, so I have taken to not using it. I guess you get what you pay for.
I spent @ 3 days trying to get this little toy to actually play music. I finally got an FM signal but then the unit froze and I could not get anything but FM.Then it refused to turn off. I had to remove/replace the battery to turn it off/on. The company I got it from was very helpful and quickly refunded my payment when I returned it.
My camera battery consists of a Pentax ZX-5 (film SLR), a Panasonic DMC-FZ4 (digital P&S0;) and now the Pentax DS digital SLR. I got it because the handling was similar to what I was used to and, more important, all my SLR lenses fit the DS. So I now have a collection of four lenses (2 zoom, 2 prime) that fit both Pentaxes plus a digital-only zoom lens. The DS is noticeably larger and heavier than the ZX-5 but smaller and lighter than other digital SLRs that I tried.Advantages: compatible lenses, handling, sturdiness, plus accurate focussing and auto exposure. And using manual controls and settings is as easy as if it was the ZX-5.Disadvantages: slow focussing especially at the long end but you do have 11 focus points to select from (any or all), not the brightest incamera flash and unfortunately no way of using an offcamera flash (but the larger Pentax flashes that use the flash shoe are very good as long as you want an oncamera flash).As someone said, the Pentax DS does everything well although you can always find another brand SLR that does one or two things better. "Everything well" beats "some things good and some not so good" in my opinion, so I'm more than just pleased with the DS.
I can screw the adapter on the lens fine, screwing the filter on the adapter seems a little harder than screwing on my 72mm lens...but just need a little more timeoverall it does the job so I am happy
I have not even installed this yet and I'm angry already. I've had good experiences with WD drives so I expect this one will be fine. What I'm NOT fine with is the fact that the retail package does NOT come with the cable and utility software. I could have bought the OEM version cheaper elsewhere.
I have only burned four so far but none have failed. Printing to the hub has worked effectively. I would prefer a glossier printing surface for printing photos, though.
When I purchased this bag I knew it was huge but, I never came close to imagining that it is this BIG. I initially thought it would break my shoulder & back with what it can accomodate....To my surprise, the design makes weight distribution off your shoulder making it a breeze to carry. It makes no sense to me why some would opt for a wheeled backpack...it simply loses the essence of what it should be....a Backpack!! It's really easy on the back!! I'm giving it 6 stars!!
I bought my iPod in December and I have no regrets, even though they just announced a 10GB version. 5GB can hold around 1,000 songs, and using iTunes to manage your play lists, there's no reason why you can't make this work for you. For instance, around Christmas time, I downloaded a lot of Christmas music onto it, but once the season was over, I just removed that playlist. Does this mean I have to redigitize the music next Christmas? Nope, it's still stored on my hard drive ready for me when I want it again.The simple controls and backlight lend itself to ease of use. I use my iPod most in the car and feel I can manipulate the controls without being distracted from driving. It also doubles as a hard drive, but I haven't had a need for this feature as yet.My only suggestions for improvements are:* A completely stainless-steel case...the plastic does scratch.* A case (available from third-party vendors), hard to find though.* A power adapter for the car. This is where I use mine most and it would be ideal to have it plugged in while I do.
Solid and sturdy yet a bit heavy. I wish it can be made the same way less the weight! Functionality is otherwise a good and excellent!
I have an old shelf system that would have already been in the trash heap if not for this little accessory. The CD player and tape deck went, but the stereo inputs still work and I have Dolby surround sound with a subwoofer hooked up to it...a must with my DVD player. So, for a while I had only been using the stereo for the TV/DVD, but now using my iPod I can have music again as well. In fact, it's preferable -- I've gone from having only a three-disc changer to having over 1,000 songs at my disposal -- all with CD quality sound and customized playlists.
I use this bag for my Sony DCR-TRV19 camcorder, and it works great. Lots of pockets and storage with easy access, together with a nice look. The only reason it didn't get five stars is that a plastic tab which attaches to a pull string for one of the zippers came off, which is quite minor really.
I bought this unit for my office. I hate the added bulk inside my bag especially if you have to carry it everyday. It works as advertised for half the price! If you carry your laptop to the office like I do, you will certainly understand the added weight and bulk on the bag...so now I leave the original adapter at home and the replacement adapter in my office....nice!!
I bought one of these packs because of the price. I never had any problems with Memorex and their DVDs. As a matter of fact, it is the only brand I use. It recorded fine. Had no problem with that procedure what so ever. Then came the playback. It didn't do it. It did not playback. Not on the computer, not on any of my DVDs, not on my brother's, mother's, sister, nowhere. It was a waste of my money and time. Do not buy it.
I love this product. This would bring my old SB-24 flash back into the limelight as an added light source. This is the best by far....it gives you more flexibility with its 1600ft working range. I wish nikon would me radio frequency controlled commander mode for better working distance.
I've been using Palm and Pocket PC / Windows CE devices for almost seven years now. Palm Pro, Palm IIIx, Visor, Visor Edge, several Clies, Nino, iPaq 3600, iPaq 3800, Jornada, Cassiopeia, Maestro, Razor Zayo...I'm hardly a newcomer here.That said, every device had some sort of flaw. PalmOS was too limited to be a decent value, while Pocket PC / CE devices were too heavy to keep in my pocket. Finally, HP got it right.The h2215 is the perfect balance between a powerful OS, powerful hardware, and a device you can truly keep in your pocket. The expansion options are absolutely wonderful -- you've got CF I/II and an SD slot that supports SDIO, so you'll always be able to have extra memory, without sacrificing wireless connectivity.While Pocket PC 2003 isn't much different than 2002 in terms of cosmetics, it's a huge leap forward in terms of stability and ease of use. Connecting to wireless networks is a snap, and I've yet to have anything cause me to do a reset.The h2215 is light, and easy to hold. The rubberized grips are absolutely perfect -- just light enough to keep the unit firmly in your hand, but not as uncomfortable as the grips on the side of the Dell Axim.The best part (at least for me) is that old iPaq accessories work on the h2215. I was able to pull the sync cable I bought for my old 3800-series out of the closet, and plug it right in to the 2215 without any problems.This is truly the best PDA I've ever carried. At this price, it's a steal.
I don't want anything less so I got the cream of the crop. Bokeh is super and this is just an AWESOME lens. Pricey but well worth it! This is fast, tack sharp and just one heck of a lens! Nikon really lives up to its reputation in making super sharp glass! Well done and highly recommended for portrait photographers!
After considering the Omnimount U3-tilt and some other no-name brands, I chose the Peerless for two reasons: the name and the price. It was really easy to install on my 42" LG Plasma. The tilt features 5 degree increments to get that just right angle.
After 3 days with a Garmin StreetPilot in my rental car, I decided it was time to buy one for myself. I drive all over the Phoenix area and felt that a nav system was right for me. I spent about 2 hours comparing and came across the c580. For the price, $189, it is probably one of the best deals out there. It is extremely easy to use, install, setup, etc. I even received the 2009 map for free! The MSN feature is handy but not necessarily useful. I like that I can scan for gas stations really fast and even get pretty accurate prices. The only downside to this unit is that it cannot accept multiple destinations and create a route for you. You will have to get the 7-series Nuvi for that. (500 bucks????) All-in-all, this is a great unit for first-timers like myself and someone who has already owned previous versions of navigation devices.
This is an excellent product and works as advsertised. My only dilemna which was never been available on the internet is that this holder is longer than usual. It won't fit into an ordinary luggage unless of course if you have a golf bag with you on board the plane. I had that dilemna since I travel a lot and I got this from the US...this pc is considered one checked baggage already, so make sure you consider that if you purchase this and have plans to bring it home outside the US.
It's worth pointing out that the Amazon description is for the BCG-34HRMD4, which is replaced by this BCG-34HRMF4. So, the included batteries you get are actually 2700mAh instead of 2300.When you take that in to consideration and subtract the value of the batteries, you're getting a VERY nice chargerwith an LCD for about $13.No, it isn't "super quick" by any comparison other than overnight trickle chargers. But again, for $13, that's less than a decent trickle charger will cost you.
...but after seeing this model in stores, I had to have it.I had been on the fence between the (slightly) less expensive Samsung DLP televisions, and some low-end 42" plasma televisions in the same price range. I spent a couple of weeks researching forums, checking out different models in different stores and playing around with the display controls, and waiting to see how prices changed with different sales. Each time, the Sony KDF-XXE2000 (different stores had different sizes) came out ahead.The factors that really pushed me over were:1) Knowing that the bulb could be replaced for about $150 if you look around online (you can't fix a dim plasma TV at all).2) There was imperceptible lag (DLP sets are notorious for delays between the picture and audio), and3) The picture quality was far more natural.When I got this home, I connected it to a DirecTV HD receiver, an Xbox 360, a progressive scan DVD player, and a cheap set of rabbit ear antennas that I had laying around in my garage. I was delighted to find that regular 4:3/480i channels looked great -- which is a very serious concern when buying any HDTV. The DirecTV HD channels looked amazing, as expected, and the Xbox 360 was nothing short of jaw-dropping. Even my DVD's looked stellar, compared to my old Panasonic Tau. What really surprised me was that I could get HD channels with the rabbit ears. The SD channels barely came in at all (as usual), but the HD channels were razor-sharp, and had next to no dropouts or artifacts, which leads me to believe that the tuner in this set is well above average.The only thing I don't like (and I can't believe I'm saying this) is the number of inputs. Switching from OTA to the first component input takes five "clicks" on the remote. I'm sure there's a way around this, but it isn't obvious.As far as the "screen door effect" or "silk screen effect" that some allege exist on all projection sets, I can say that I've looked hard, and this model doesn't seem to suffer from either. Keep in mind though, this isn't the sort of TV you want to sit three feet away from when you're playing video games.Only your eyes can tell you which set is really best for you. I wouldn't suggest spending as much time as I did, but you really should go to a "big box" store and compare televisions for yourself. That said, I'm willing to bet that this one will make the top of your list.10/11/2006 Update: I don't know why this isn't possible with the included remote from Sony, but the Logitech Harmony remotes are able to tell the TV which input to go to, without cycling through *all* of the inputs. Now I've finally reached home theater nirvana.
I bought this mainly for the purpose of helping me unwind my Hoya Pro-1 D Circ PL....the attached part is really so narrow that even with this wrench it is having a hard time removing it. For run of the mill filters I see no problem using the wrench.
I bought this mainly for protection of my expensive lenses.....I have always read that putting a cheap glass filter defeats the quality of the lens you are using. So I decided to get the filter that I thought might be the best there is in the Hoya product line up and I am totally satisfied with this.
These ear buds rock. I use them with my iPod nano. I like the sound and the long chord length. They fit my ears, come with three different size ear buds and are very durable. I bought ear buds to block out sound on my commute -- I take Bart in and out of SF and go thru the tunnel under the SF Bay which is very noisy (insert screeching metal-against-metal wheel sound here) -- that said, they work very well for train/bus commuters. I also use them when I ride my bicycle -- they stay in my ears even when I am swerving around road debris and jumping dead animals that are blocking the road -- nothing can stop me with these ear buds! Also, the jack is at 90 degrees which makes them last longer -- the straight on jacks break at the stress point near the jack from bending. I recommend these ear buds for the entire world!
I have two filter holders one from lowepro and one I recently ordered is the Tiffen holder....well, Tiffen is less bulky and the pockets are covered by transparent see thru plastic which is nice unlike the gray tint on the lowepro (makes identification of the filter a bit difficult because of the tint}. I like the Tiffen because it is less bulky and the transparent see through pocket is a plus....it makes it easier to identify the filter you want....I guess it's more of preference!
I've done a fair amount of wiring in my time, and I've used many different crimpers.While this is by no means the best I've used, it is certainly better than any other crimper I've seen for less than $40.You wouldn't want to buy this if you're making cables every day, but for (re)wiring your house and making some patch cables every now and then, this is a great tool and the quality is excellent for the price.
I enjoyed using this orange filter for my sunrise and sunset shots....I think it is better to get the desired effect off camera rather than tweaking photoshop to post process your pictures......I love it!
As digital coax cables go, I was really impressed with the quality of the PureAV cable. With the addition of myApple TV, I had more optical outputs than inputs, so I decided to switch one of my DVD players over to coax.The cable itself is very well shielded, and the ends seemed to fit perfectly. (For some reason, my other digital coax cables were either too tight or too loose, and needed to be bent)In fact, the only negative thing I can say about this particular cable is that the ends are a bit longer than the rest of my cables (RCA and digital coax). While that isn't necessarily bad from a design perspective, I did end up having to cut a small hole in the back of my entertainment center to accommodate how far the cable sticks out from my DVD player. That wouldn't stop me from buying this product, but it is something to consider if depth is at a premium in your setup.
This is an excellent piece of machine for wireless connectivity and powerpoint presentation. It is remarkably quiet and very light to lug arround. Using wireless connectivity with MPEG movie is not as smooth hence, cable connection maybe better with movie presentation.Overall I am imporessed with this unit and I can't wait for my next presentation where I will do it wirelessly.....good buy....
When my trusty Pioneer amp died on me after nearly 10 years, I was pretty torn. I didn't need bass that hit hard enough to bounce things off of my car, but I also didn't want to go back to stock.Luckily, I found this on Amazon before wasting my money on some flea market junk.The amp itself is pretty basic. You have typical crossover options and gain -- nothing special there. I noticed this uses two 10A fuses instead of one 20A fuse. (Then again, the amp I'm replacing is really old, so maybe this isn't as uncommon as I thought)So, altogether pretty ho-hum, until I got it hooked up. I'm driving two Polk db12's in a bandpass box, and they sound like new speakers with this amp. The range seems to be great, if a little "hollow" compared to the Pioneer. But that aside, it's LOUD and I haven't encountered any overheating problems.Obviously, this isn't something you'll want to use as a foundation for a competition-grade system, but it's more than enough for a casual enthusiast. (And total overkill for people who don't have to good sense to use foam or Dynamat under their license plates... you know who you are...)
I have been eyeing this lens for quite a while when it was still being sold at $4900 at adorama (imported) free ship and then suddenly I saw the price soaring to $5900 to my disgust for my inaction. Patiently I continued to scout from amazon when I saw this lens posted at $5119.95 + $30 shipping fee from Cameta....and without blinking an eye I ordered and was very pleased to own this very fine performer in my arsenal now.It is very fast, sharp and hmmm should I say heavy too?? I am very pleased with amazon for this and I can't complain at this time.
This dock is simply awesome leaving the more expensive bose systems by a mile in terms of sound quality. It has the best base that could fill the room with utmost confidence.....the RF remote is equally just as useful making possible control without the need for a direct line of sight with the dock.I would give this dock 6 stars for being the best for less!!! Go grab one!!!
These phones are comfortable and are a noticeable improvement in both bass response and instrument clarity over the similarly priced SONY phones that they replaced. Could they be better? Sure! They could also cost several times more.I use them at my desk to listen to CD's and MP3's on my PC while I work.My only complaint is that the cord is very close to being too short for this particular use.
I just got this 'terk' antenna yesterday...enough time for me to put it through a few test.1. Pointed in the opposite direction (with a new tv tuner card already installed Pinnacle), AND THE PRE-AMP OFF, it received...A. Six analogue tv stationsB. Four High Definition stationsC. Four Digital stationsD. 30 Radio stations (open air-not internet).Scanning for 'best qualitly' I got four stations I could watch--one was perfect.Pointed in the correct direction, AND THE PRE-AMP OFF, it received...A. Eleven analogue tv stationsB. Five High Definition stationsC. Six Digital stationsD. 32 Radio stations (not internet stations).Having scanned for best quality I could watch eight stations--two seemed to be perfect.With the pre-amp on it received...A. Eleven analogue stationsB. Five High definition stationsC. Six digital stationsD. 34 radio stations (not internet stations)Having scanned for 'best quality' I could watch approximately 9 stations,about five seemed perfect, the others could be watch barely.Notice the different with the Pre Amp on and off? Had I a little bit faster computer I could have doubled the number of 'perfect' stations to ten.So let's take the 'possible' ten perfect stations this antenna could receive and put it against my old rabbit ears with a Uhf loop.I could receive one station that was watchable--at night, and three that came and went everytime a raindrop fell between the antenna and the station tower.Case closed.(P.S.) One of these days I'll hook up my Kil A Watt meter to the pre amp and find out how much it is costing me per month to leave it on--but not today.BYE!
This lens takes AWESOME pictures! It is absolutely perfect for close ups and head-shots! I use mine with a Canon 60D and it is truly a professional lens.
this was a purchase to replace an aging CRT. Directions sucked (typical of Sony) but everything else was as expected.
I'm not an audiophile, or terribly picky by any stretch, but this product totally failed to impress once it was turned on. The slightest bass (not gangsta rap or hip hop or 1812 overture)caused the whole unit to vibrate and the distortion was terrible. Sent it back.
This holds a lot of CDs and I liked the sleeving for each CD, you can even put a label with each sleeve. Good quality and see through box.
2 separate alarms with two distinct alarm sounds. The alarms start low an get progressively louder and the intervals between the beeps gets progressively faster. Awesome product design that won't jolt you out of your sleep.INTUITIVE!! Oh, man. I get excited about the smallest things that could easily have been skipped, but weren't. For example, setting the timer: Without over-explaining it, the alarm-set function will speed through the minutes at different speeds depending on how close or far you are from reaching your desired time when setting your alarms. Another small thing I noticed but love is when completion of the alarm set, the set time will show for around 2 seconds allowing you time to reset it immediately if you want; however, when the alarm switch is off and you turn the knob to try and set the alarm unknowingly, the off display comes on for a split-second. Why would I need 2 seconds to know the alarm is off? I don't. The designers knew that and adjusted the function accordingly. Again, it's the little things for me. Also, I don't know if this was done intentionally or not, but after the initial frustration at what I thought (still could be, depending on your perception)was a design flaw, I now believe may have been done on purpose. The location of the button to turn off the alarm. Why on earth would they set it behind the snooze button and refuse to make it distinguishable from the rest of the buttons? Their original intention is irrelevant for me. The extra seconds I need to be aware of it's location and turn it off are all I need to gain that extra boost of consciousness that allows me- I mean the conscious me- to decide if I want to hit the pillow again or not. My old alarm had an enormous alarm turn-off button, which I liked to call "the enabler". You have to make a conscious attempt at turning this one off, which is important if you're one of those people who are somewhat prone to turning the alarm off and forgetting you ever did. Those extra 4 seconds are the most irritating 4 seconds of my day, but I'm awake. And that's all I ask for. Wake me up little guy.....wake me up.Note: Some folks are complaining about the fact that it doesn't set itself to the correct time zone on initial plug-in. Well, no, unless you feel like paying 3-4 times the original price of the clock for an embedded GPS-like receiver. There's instructions that will inform you on how to set it up the first time. It took me all of about 1 minute to set the time zone. Now, when I unplug it and plug it back in (purposefully or due to a blackout), the time stays current, in my time zone and adjusts itself for daylight savings.
I bought this to protect sand art projects. The product works great and is very easy to use. We will be able to use this for other art projects too.
I got this TV almost 4 years ago. In that time, it has been on for tv watching a minimum of 4 hours per day, many more like 12+. It has been a workhorse of a TV, with none of the problems I expected buying a brand I had never heard of.+good picture+always works+lots of inputs+picture in picture with many settings+good sound for a TV-had some screen position issues *only when used with a PC, never on TV, movies, or gaming.*-widescreen settings are not as useful as one would want.
I have a souped-up SONY media center computer that worked great under Windows XP MCE, .... until I upgraded to Vista.After a frustrating month trying to get tv back on my SONY RB60G computer, Hauppauge came through for me.This card is built very similar to the SONY Gigapocket tv-tuner card. but this one has dual tuners and an FM radio too.Vista saw the card right away, and had it integrated into Media Center in no time. No sweat.It works great.FM radio is nothing to brag about, but it picks up four clear stations, and I have StepVoice so I can now record songs off the radio too.
I used to purchase cd sleeves from Americopy, who made their sleeves exactly like these, except they only came in white (which I prefer, but I'll deal with the multi-color deal). Then my last batch was complete junk. The quality was crap, but the price was the same, so I decided to switch. I just received these a couple minutes ago, and I'm once again happy. I paid a few bucks more for these, but the quality is worth much more than the extra money I spent. After all, you'll end up putting 100 cd's in these sleeves, so the quality is well worth it. I'm very happy with my purchase, and given that these are made by a well-known company, I don't expect them to go cheap on me any time soon.
These headphones are exactly what I was looking for. They're lightweight and comfortable, sound quality is great and they have proven hardy. Then again, I'm not one of those people who notices a difference between a $100 sound system and a $25 sound system, but again, to me it sounds great.It folds up nicely, and it's pretty easy to use it with one ear folded up if you want to keep "one ear open."It comes with a larger headphone adapter which works in my Yamaha keyboard so yay for me, but I'm not really sure why such an adapter is included. It's not something I normally see with headsets.I was also surprised at how loud these headphones could work at. It literally approaches the volume of a normal speaker if you set the volume high enough on the computer, although that is not exactly something I recommend trying while wearing.
I am very pleased with this monitor. I did an extensive search, unfortunately primarily online -- it would be preferable to see monitors but that's not possible for all. For my Powerbook 15" G4, I looked at Apples and Samsungs, read reviews, and finally settled on this NEC because of its specs and general NEC reliability.I've had it now almost a month, 6 or 7 or more hours/day and it's excellent, sharp, clear and true colors (as true as true is, at least) with ample adjustments possible --- and as an especial bonus, it's really helped my eyes. I had been getting quite serious eye strain with the PB (and also using an iMac) but there is something about the quality of the NEC which has helped greatly.Dec. 20: I remain very happy with the NEC monitor, no problems whatsoever. I just read a review in the Jan 08 MacWorld on LCDs that ranked the MultiSyncLCD205WXM the highest of 7 tested; maybe that's the new (and cheaper) version. Fwiw, it's an excellent and helpful article on how to choose an LCD.
I would like to use the Linksys adapter with my Toshiba laptop. I have sometimes actually made the combo work. No other device in recent memory has caused me as much frustration as this adapter and my laptop which is now running Windows XP SP2.Range: I have had excellent results in my house, on my back deck, etc. I am using a T3 PDA which does not have the range that this adapter has, so it is always the limiting factor.Installation: I installed under XP and then after an unrelated machine wipe reinstalled under XP-SP2. Installing under SP2 is possible if you go to the website first, read the special instructions and follow their recipe. It is a technical pain the butt. It does work, however. Until...What's wrong: My device worked perfectly until I booted my computer away from the hub and bluetooth adapter. Since then, Bluetooth does not work. To get the bluetooth to work again, you have to follow the installation instructions for reinstalling the drivers, then it will work again, until the adapter is moved to another slot or fails to load.The promise of USB is that I can plug and unplug devices at will and everything will still work. This device requires reconfiguring the software every time you plug it in. I would gladly trade it for anything that did not have that problem.
As a home service technician for a "large national company" I've spent weeks doing research on the pros/cons for HDTV. My friends say I have to be surgically separated from my money so you can see I need value for my dollars. First, if you are thinking of HDTV stuff and haven't done the research here's a quick primer... Ya need a HDTV with tuner (not just a monitor type), look for one that does 1080p not just 1080i. For the price DLP gives much bigger screens BUT you MUST sit the right distance away (at least twice the TV diagonal size) so with this unit ya need to sit 12 feet away at a MINIMUM or you won't be happy with DLP. This model also has all the hookups you will need in your life, mainly you need HDMI for full 1080p. I bought Sony HDMI cables for about $30 since I'm using a Sony PS3 as my Blu-Ray player (Ebay has them cheap). The PS3 is WAAAAYYY cheaper than any Blu-Ray player and ya get a top end game console too! So with those general parts (HDTV & PS3) all you need is true Blu-Ray DVD's and you're set for what only IMAX theaters can beat. We watched the Planet Earth series and it was truly IMAX like right in our own home. This TV is easy to set up, not too heavy (about 180 pounds compared to my 280 pound 36 CRT type TV) and has handles molded in to grab onto (a huge plus when moving it). Owners manual is simple and easy, plugging in a device is auto-sensed sort of like what USB devices do so it's easy to assign a DVD player, game console, SAT dish receiver, etc. Can be up and running in minutes. This being DLP means its picture is BRIGHT, very bright and vibrant, great for normal daytime use without closing off windows, etc. It doesn't burn in like Plasma sets do and the viewing angle (if sitting proper 12 foot distance) is very very wide. Not quite as wide as LCD of course because with projection DLP there is that "sweet spot" that's needed for you to see the full screen brightness properly. This is very important to keep in mind, ya need 12 feet in front to view it properly!!! So overall this HDTV is the largest most homes could put in them at 6 feet wide and 12 feet sitting distance. The DLP just can't really be described for color, brightness, clarity, etc. but be aware that "old fashioned" TV signals at 480i, etc. will look somewhat pixilated or grainy due to the massive size of this TV. It's not too bad if seated 12 feet away but anything closer and you will notice it's pixilated. There are lots of formats you can set on the TV to get the best picture out of the low 480i signals but this baby was made for full 1080p! If you ever been to an IMAX film that will give you an idea of what you are buying for your home and to say that PS3 games are just mind-blowing is an understatement. This TV when used as it should be (at 1080p or 720p at least) will leave you with your mouth open in shock. Don't expect 480i TV signals to be useful and you won't be disappointed, this TV is made for home theater use and serious movie watching/gaming at 1080p NOT just watching regular sit-coms at 480i. We have our old 36" CRT type TV for that stuff, this beast is for the "movie room". And at over $50-80 bucks to take our family to movies EACH time a new movie comes out it won't take but about 3 years to pay for itself!
Any HDMI cable works fine... basically they either work or they don't (it's a digital thing) so don't pay $40-50 bucks when a $8 cable does the same job.
I purchase this transmitter since I was moving to a remote area with no radio reception. Now I can listen to various webcasts over all of my existing FM radios. Plugs into any headphone or audio jack on computer, ipod, stereo, TV, etc. and transmits on one of a number of FM frequencies in the top end of the band. Designed to work 24/7, which is what I use it for. I have it set up in the 2nd floor of my house and can pick up in my shop building perfectly clear which is over 500 ft away. I recently tried to determine the maximum distance and was able to hear my own broadcast in my car radio almost TWO MILES away (although pretty scratchy). I live in a very, very remote area, so I wouldn't expect these results in downtown New York, for instance. I am very pleased, and am considering a second unit, so I can choose from my two favorite webcasts: CBC from Canada and NPR.
This is a cool addition to your camera bag, it is a cooky cool way to create "Art"! 8 little shots, you'll need to pay for the largest size prints allowed by your budget though to get the full 8 piccie effect, on each frame. As with all Lomo effect cameras the colours are skewed, the pictures are not bitingly sharp (getting a high res 35mm film helps though), and the effects are very much hit and miss, but the hits are superbly bizarre. Once you see the effect you'll be hooked, it is really a basic wind, point and click, hear the classic "whirrrrrrrrrzzzzzzzzclick" sound and you are done! It works best with a moving subject, crowd scenes, pets, kids, etc.... I took some shots at a hippy market in Totnes, UK and the results were great! Really odd and strangely unwordly. I took some straight shots with a Nikon D70 too and although these were interesting, the Lomo brought out the spaced outedness of the scenes, the colours and movement are pure Lomo. I love it and so will you too, for this price it is worth the gamble! Pop one in your pocket and whenever you come across a scene with bright colours, movement, shifting patterns the Lomo 8 lens camera will come into it's own. Shoot low to avoid 8 pictures of the sky and the tops of people's heads. Keep the wrist strap away from the front too.
Great little camera-fast shot (can shoot 3 pics in a sec, depending how you set it up)-anti shake feature-clear picture-different templates for different picture environments-compact design-large LCD-long battery life (up to 550 per charge)-attractive sleek design-comes in three colors (I got silver and love it)what more can you ask for from a snapshot camera? If you are not a professional photographer and are looking for a good camera to capture moments in everyday situations you will love this camera. I recommend it highly!Only con:-It does not have a view finder (which is good for daylight). I never really used the view finder since usually you just aim and shoot but this might be a drawback for some.
You think that you are getting a deal with this but buyer beware. It is not compatable with most pc's. It uses VRO files which work with DVD players. In the end you have to buy conversion software to make this camera work with your computer.
I bought the Sigma Designs IF 28 300mm F3 5 6 3 DL Aspherical Hyperzoom in January, and have shot around 50 rolls of film through this lens. I bought it because I travel frequently, and often need to go back and forth between wide angles and long zooms and have had to deal with that with multiple lenses and bodies. I hoped that this hyperzoom would be the answer. Four months later, I was looking again for other lenses, and have given up trying to get an all-in-one solution.Starting with the lens' physical attributes: The lens is wonderfully light and small. At first glance, the build quality appears to be OK, but then I start getting rings popping out of position, and the like (the best way to fix it was to jam it against a car bumper!)The quality of the pictures suffers badly from vignetting. I usually stop down my lenses to f/8.0 to avoid vignetting, but f/13.0+ is needed with this lens when you get above 150mm focal lengths. Looking at the slides through a good loupe, the lower optical quality is obvious. The sharpness simply is not there.The final straw... was an increasing tendancy for the autofocus to go completely haywire, forcing me to go to full manual. At times (once every 5 ot 6 pictures), the camera would lock up, and the only thing that would unlock it is to remove the lens and put it back - pointing to bad connectors. Then, a new problem turned up, where the light metering through lens is 3, 4, even 5 stops too low. On the final film I ever used with this lens I was shooting a frontlit, light-colored aircraft in full sunlight with 100 ASA film, and the camera reports a proper exposure of f/4.0 at speed 1/15th!!!Putting the lens on my backup body results in the same results, and both cameras work fine with my several Canon lenses.Sending the lens to be fixed (under warantee) took nearly 6 months.Stay away!!!
A good sounding no frills shelf system. If you are not one who requires ear bleeding volume this will work fine for you even in a good sized room. Sound quality is very good.
It is very sturdy and well constructed. Works every time.Cap is good and tight. Will buy more when they are on sale. I have the 2gb model.
This is the second time the wire caught in my chair and pulled out of the plug, there is no way for me to repair it as it is smaller than the regular phone jack plug.
Purchased this lanyard for my Sandisk USB flashdrive. The strap is an all black braided "rope" design with an attached, quick disconnect portion for the USB drive. This plastic clip acts as a safety device that will allow the USB to physically disengage if it becomes entangled.At $8 plus shipping, I find it to be a bit expensive for it's function, but I am unable to find it in my local computer store. I purchased two lanyard and expect that they will last a long time. This item did not receive five stars because it is pricy for it's function, but well made.***** I finally found these Lanyard for $2.00 in August, at a local Ipod accessories store.****
My old SMC Barricade Router/Wireless Access Point/Print Server died on me after seven years of faithful service.I replaced the Barricade with a Netgear WGR614 Wireless-g Router and a PS121 Print Server. The Router set up and worked flawlessly. The PS121 is another story.I inserted the setup CD and it ran through most of the setup steps without a hitch -- then -- it came to the point where the setup routine said "Installing Software." The progress indicator quickly ran up to about 95 percent installed -- then stopped. And it remained stopped for two hours. I pulled everything loose and started from scratch. Same result.I'm returning the PS121 to the dealer tomorrow and will try to find a new SMC Barricade router -- it has a built-in print server which is a true print server, not just a fancy USB hub.
Tried for three hours to set up this print server. Called tech support -- 30 minutes on hold, hung up. I have a broadband connection through a Motorola Surfboard modem to a Netgear wired/wireless router. I want to be able to print through the router with my laptop's wireless connection. With this print server, I could not even print from my desktop computer.Followed set up instructions to the letter, again and again. Not able to print through this server -- and, yes, I turned off all my firewalls and other security.Will return this server
I'll echo most of the other reviews here: like the D-450Z, the D-460Zis a great digital camera for the price. Though I disliked the switchto the cheaper plastic housing with this model, the increased ease of use when navigating the menus more than makes up for it. Like the previous camera, you still get high-quality digital pictures with a number of features including red-eye removing flash, television display of pictures, 3x optical (lens) and 2x digital (computer) zoom, and a host of other features which make this camera one of the best in it's class.But since the earlier releases in this line, digital camera technology has increased while price has decreased (thanks in a large part to earlier models in this line, which took the market by storm). You can now get cameras with a higher level of megapixels and resolution for about the same price as the D-460Z such as Nikon's Coolpix 800 and the Kodak DC280. You should go to your local. . . consumer electronics store and look at ALL of your choices before deciding on which model to purchase (and then purchase it on-line because it is cheaper ;). Even though the D-460Z is no longer &quot;cutting edge,&quot; I still believe it has enough features and stunning quality to let it surpass many of the other choices in its class.Accessories: Expect to spend a few hundred dollars in additional accessories for this camera. I recommend at least 8 NiMH rechargable batteries for power (which you can buy on-line or at your local supermarket), a USB Smartmedia reader if your computer supports USB (this greatly decreases SLOW picture transfer times from the camera to the computer), and a &quot;soft&quot; protective case for the camera (the Olympus soft leather case is nice but over-priced unless you get it on sale). As well, 2 additional 32 meg or a 64 meg SmartMedia card is useful, and will allow you to take a vacation's worth of pictures without have to delete any (at least at the rate I take pictures). The camera lets you take a little more than 2x the SmartCard's megs in super-high quality, compressed images. You can buy these on-line at places like amazon.com... but the Olympus-brand accessories tend to go out of stock quickly. Note: the SmartMedia cards will eventually wear out, though you'll be able to take tens of thousand (or even hundreds of thousands) of pictures before this happens if you buy a decent-quality card.
I've bought this radio two times and both radios have eaten tapes. The only reason I buy it is to record from the radio and play back later. Waste of time and money. Regret I gave Coby a second chance.
Bought a pair of these to replace an old 1980's pair of inexpensive Radio Shack speakers. Work just fine in the 16 x 20 room I placed them in. At the 50watts/channel I supply them with, (I rarely pass volume setting 2 on a 1-10 scale), they have more than sufficient bass and enough treble to satisfy my easy listening preferences and sound like speakers 2x their size. They are solid, well made, attractive speakers and they come with a 5 year warranty from Bose which I doubt I'll ever need.
When it first hit the market, this was one of the best DVD players out there. It had all the options, a great remote, and incredible picture quality. Now, however, it is out of date - &quot;high tech&quot; DVDs like _Planet of the Apes_ will make this player go nuts, and sometimes just jam completely. So, while this may be an OK starter DVD, there are cheaper models that are more compatible with the current crop of DVDs. They may not have as many options, but they won't break down when watching &quot;The next big release,&quot; either.
I bought this camera because of the large distance it claimed to cover in darkness.First, let me preface by saying that with regard to night-vision this camera did not work at all, it simply was defective and I returned it, so with regard to it's night-vision capabilities I can't say good or bad except that it was a complete bust in that regard.The quaility of the day-light operation is the reason I gave this camera 1 star, it was TERRIBLE. By far the worst camera I've owned (I deliberately bought 3 different brands to get a sense of which ones I'd like best since I intend over time to buy as many as 8 or more). I was a bit shocked at just how BAD the image was in daylight, and just so it's clear, I was able to instantaneously compare it against my other 2 cameras since I had all three hooked up to the same system. The colors were garrish, it was like it was on uber-contrast mode, and even after adjusting with my dvr system, it stil didn't get much better. I was also quite a bit darker than the other 2 cameras. About an hr before dusk, it look like darkness was minutes away, while the other two looked clear and bright.I might add also this was the most expensive of the three cameras and quite a bit more expensive than the cheapest one.Luckily I was able to return this and get my money back.the other two cameras btw were a Lorex and a Qsee, the Lorex is my favorite, the qSee wasn't great, but it was adequate and I'm keeping both of them.In the end, considering the high-price of this camera, I am left wondering if I just got a complete dud and it was broken in more ways that the night-vision IR's. I am rather surprised they could sell this for nearly $200 at the level of quality I witnessed...
Opened it up, set it up -- no sound. Sent it back. Don't waste your time on this thing; you'll only get what you pay for.
When I first decided to buy a digital camera I had a choice of two: Sony DSC F828 and Canon Digital Rebel. I chose Sony. The picture quality that Sony produces is excellent, but Canon gives you ability to change lenses. In order to extend the zoom on my Sony camera I went on to a massive search for something that would increase 7.1x zoom. I came across this Opteka add on lens. Couple of weeks ago it arrived and it was tested immediately with disappointing results. I followed Opteka's suggestion that comes on a little leaflet, but the pictures are very blury. After trying several combinations and realising that it doesn't work properly, I gave up. Right now I am looking to replace Sony camera with EOS 350D or probably even EOS 20D. My advice is not to bother with this add on. If anyone made there Opteka Lens working on DSC F828 please share it.
Ok, so mice are pretty much ... dull. I have been using various kinds since the first Mac in 1984. Some were big, some small, and when Logitech started doing mice they were somehow wrong. So I had an optical (laser) and wireless mouse that I got with a PC, and I immediately swore off ball mice (ok, this is old news). But the damned batteries wore out at the most inconvenient time, and we were using rechargeable batteries at work, then the recharger died. Enough I said; a co-worker had this MX Revolution mouse, and recommended it, so I bought one.Ok, so it's an optical mouse. Great. It has it's own recharger (just set the mouse in place) -- very good. And it recharges fast and has a lighted battery meter, so if I forget to charge it, I get ample warning and can leave it in the charger over lunch to get enough for the rest of the day.The ergonomics are surprisingly good -- I haven't found that strangely shaped mice or keyboards are generally my thing, but this one does the job well. Everything is in the right place, and the mouse software is really good. A little tuning, and only a minor flick will get the mouse pointer positioned perfectly. The tilt-wheel is great; I have this on my Microsoft mouse at home, and like the feature. The programmable buttons for browser back/forward are great (I just need to train myself to use them). The regular buttons are in just the right place.But the real ingenious element of this mouse is the scroll wheel. It has some weight, and with a flick, you can get it spinning. When you have a long page to scroll down it beats any other approach I have seen. The wheel is normally in "click" mode, where a small turn will scroll on unit (3 lines, or whatever you have it set to). But with a little extra spin, it goes into "free spin" mode and will turn on it's own for a few seconds; you can watch your document and just by touching the wheel, stop very precisely at where you want. Once stopped, it goes back into normal click mode. You can set the desired behavior specifically for any program, too.Now I come home to my normal wheel mouse and am met with disappointment at every turn (tee hee).This is a really great product; Logitech has done a great job.
I bought this printer very recently. I have not tested this printer to its full extent yet. Also, I have not read the instruction manual yet.1) B&amp;W prints came out fine. Color prints are great on plain paper as well as on the photo paper sample that came with the printer.2) Color output was very bad when I tried the printer immediately after taking out of the box. After a couple of cleaning cycles and alignments, the output came out extremely well. I think the photo print is comparable to the quality of my favorite photo shop.3) Installation was extremely easy.4) Application user interface (on Windows) could be dramatically improved. For example, during cleaning cycle, a message pops up saying &quot;don't do anything until this process completes&quot;, but they will never tell you when the process is completed. When printing the photo, it was not clear how the 4x6 paper should be fed. (Be prepared to waste some paper.)5) In quiet mode, the printing is extremely quiet, but the paper feeder mechanism is equally noisy in all modes. So, I don't see a big advantage with the feature.6) Printing speed surprised me pleasantly.Overall, I am very happy with the product and look forward to donating my previous Apollo printer.
I have one for the car, and it works great. Multiple inserts will fit most configurations. Easy to get iPod in or out. Easily adjustable in all dimension, angles.Just got this second one for our exercise equipment, which has a cup holder :-)
I thought for a while that my DSL provider's modem was screwed up until I found out that there was some sort of problem with the router. I purcahsed this particular router thinking that a different brand would not have the same problems as my linksys wireless router. However, after speaking with SBC for about 20 minutes and another 20 minutes on the phone with netgear I found out it was a software not hardware problem; since I bought the router over 90 days ago, I don't have free tech support anymore. Henceforth since it isn't a hardware problem I would have had to pay 32.95 just to fix a configuration problem, rendering the 3 year warranty on the router pretty much useless. I only payed $40 for the router! The customer service is horrendous there. The guy did not explain what he was telling me to do. I was unaware that there were still companies that charged for tech support on electronics. Wow. It seems like they have some sort of magical thing that goes wrong on them so you have to either pay for tech support or buy a new router. Thankfully, I managed to reconfigure it myself to get it to work. Boycott Netgear.
Overall I am very happy with the camera, but couldn't give it 5 stars because (1)No date/time imprinting function (2)Picture quality is only comparable to my old Pentax IQZoom point-and-shoot film camera.I will try to list pros and cons that are not discussed in other posts.Pros:1) Video format is AVI and can be easily played on computer.2) Tons of manual controls to set aperture, exposure, focus, etc.3) When doing manual focus, a window pops up with zoomed-in image so that you can see if the focus is good.4) Time lapse shooting and continuous shooting available (read online manual)5) Very versatile LCD. Can be flipped, twisted, and turned in many positions.6) You can take many pictures and stitch them together to make a huge picture (read the online manual)Cons:1) Regular AA batteries run out too quickly. NiMH batteries are working well.2) No functionality to imprint date/time on the image.3) You need high-speed (18X) CF to be able to shoot video in highest quality.4) Lens cap doesn't fit snugly, but can be tied to shoulder belt loop so you don't lose it.5) Doesn't fit in my existing digital camera bag - plan on buying a new one.6) LCD is too small.Recommendations:1) Bought a 4GB Hitachi MiniDrive ($170 @ outpost) and I am happy.2) Flash is adequate, but a slave flash ($20 @ Ritz) might help.3) When buying the bag, make sure it has pouches for spare batteries and CF cards. Also, make sure the camera fits in the main pouch.Updated On 12/27/2004:I bought "Targus DPBC03 ProBlack Digital Camera Case Max" camera bag from Amazon. S1 IS barely fits in the bag. There is a pouch to keep batteries. The pouch is big enough to hold CF card also. I am going to keep the bag, but you might want to consider buying a slightly larger bag.I tried the "photo stitch" functionality over the weekend. I shot two scenaries and stiched them. One came out very well - impossible to know that it is stitched. Other scene seems to need some manual work to be done - one of the shots in the series wouldn't merge well.
We bought the Logitech mm50 a while back for playing/charging our iPods. It works nicely, but recently a friend brought the Altec Lansing inMotion Plus and we did a side by side blind taste test. The Altec Lansing won by a good deal on sound quality -- richer and more able to fill a room with sound without sounding tinny. The Logitech sounds muddy and harsh at higher volumes, even with/without it's "bass booster" setting. The Altec Lansing is also a little smaller, and appears to have an input that will accept the iPod charger plug (the same one on a regular iPod charger), meaning one less AC adapter to worry about. The Logitech does have a remote control, which is kind of nice, if limited. Finally, at the current moment, it appear that Office Depot is selling the Altec Lansing for $30, which must be some sort of loss-leader, since it lists for $149 and so does the Logitech mm50.Bottom line, both are good; I would choose the Altec Lansing for it's sound quality if I had the chance again.
I had a chance to compare our mm50 to theAltec Lansing inMotion Portable Audio System for iPodthat a friend had -- the Altec Lansing came out ahead on most points. See my review there for details.
The Toshiba DVR3 is a great DVD recorder. Toshiba VCR's and DVD players have always worked great for me; they have been in working condition after years of use when I decided to upgrade and sell the old model. I purchased this DVD recorder/VCR for $139 from OneCall as a refurb which is a steal. The DVR3 is hard to find new any more as it has been replaced by the DVR4. However, the DVR4 does not have firewire input, like this model has. The DVR3 is packed with features, including firewire input from a camcorder, and other things you can read about in the specs. But it does have its flaws, none of which are deal breakers, but something to be aware of before you plop down your hard earned cash.First, their is no S-Video input on the back. This was corrected in the DVR4 but I have my HDTV outputting via S-Video to the DVR3, so I need to always have my S-Video and audio cables connected in the front, which is a little unsightly. Recording HDTV via the S-Video produces a very nice picture, and it retains the 16:9 widescreen format and plays back as widescreen.Another thing is the front display is nice and large, but I wish the display was not in the color orange but the more common neutral/blueish hue used by most electronics.The remote is horrible! The range is terrible. I can get up to 12 feet where my couch is, but even then, it is spotty. Even at closer range it doesn't always work when you push a button. And the buttons are placed in non-logical places, unlike all my other Toshiba products. But fortunately a universal learning remote I own works well with the DVR3.The manual lacks a lot of detail, like specifying when you hook up the S-Video out that that output will not work for the VCR but only the DVD player.If you can find the DVR3, like I did, for under $140, I'd highly recommend it. That beats almost any DVD recorder price, plus this has a VCR and the backing of the Toshiba name. I rarely use a VCR but bought this unit as a DVD recorder and to play an occasional VCR tape, so I could get rid of two stand alone units. I plan to do some VCR to DVD dubbing in the near future.Lastly, it is interesting that the menu system is different than previous Toshiba DVD players I have owned. The menu on this DVD recorder/VCR is very similar to a Samsung unit my workplace uses. In fact, in the Toshiba manual, one screen shot it shows the disc being recorder as having the name "Samsung disc."
It's not the toughest. It can easily break on you, but you can kind of tell as soon as you get it so I was careful with it. If you treat it right it WILL last a long time as mine has. Wish I could say the same for the CD's you put in it. It scratches up all of my CD's to a point where they eventually become unplayable. I know that all players cause a little bit of scratching, but this one takes the cake.
I just received this device yesterday. I got to play with it for about an hour so far. So, this review is going to be "first impressions" or "initial quality" review.Quality, packaging, instruction manuals, and supplied accessories all look good quality.I couldn't find an SD card in the packaging. I did have a 2GB memory card with me, so I was OK.I could put in the battery, charge the device, take a couple of pictures, and a couple of videos without even reading the quick reference manual. I would call that intuitive enough and user friendly.Quality of the pictures and video is acceptable considering that I used the device straight out of the box without adjusting any settings. Actually pictures and video looked much better on my home LCD monitor, but looked pathetic on my work CRT monitor. (This is not the first time I have experienced this.)I have played the video on a 61" widescreen HD TV using S-Video cable and the quality was acceptable. Nothing compared to off-the-air HD programming, but it was not bad at all.I have placed a couple of pictures and videos elsewhere on the Web. Amazon doesn't allow URLs in reviews. Search in Google groups and you may find a link to the pictures and videos.I will come back here and update the review over the next few weeks.Update 4/12/2007:I have uploaded a couple of low light videos. Link to the Web site in the first comment to this review. Results are disappointing. With what I know now, I would probably give it only 4 stars. Can't change the rating now.I could quickly and easily compile and burn a DVD using the supplied ULead software. I didn't try any bells and wistles, just used the simplest path and I was done with the production process in about 10 minutes. Burning process itself (with an 8x burner) took a long time (unattended). DVD played fine on a regular Panasonic DVD player.MiniDV based camcorders probably produce much better HD footage. But, that is not of much use for me, because burning a DVD out of MiniDV footage is very hard. I don't think I could have posted sample clips on the Internet so quickly if I were using a MiniDV camcorder. So, should we compromise on quality of the video or ease of sharing the footage?Update 4/16/2007:This camcorder is going back. While it is very easy to use and very convenient to quickly share the footage (compared to MiniDV based camcorders), I don't think this can replace my existing DCR-DVD201 due to the poor video quality under low light conditions. I am not the kind to maintain multiple camcorders and use different one for different situations.
I bought a 100-pack version of this product. Product itself is fine without any defects. It arrived on time.The paper that was used for the sleeve feels thin, but that didn't bother me.I had to pay about as much for shipping as for the product itself. I felt that was excessive.
This battery works, but doesn't last long at all. In a typical two-hour performance, both batteries will have run out before the show's over.
We installed our TV last night and overall we are very happy with our purchase. We took advantage of the sale at Target and after applying for their credit card, the price was way too attractive.I haven't adjusted any settings (even the ones recommended in quick reference manual) yet. Will do those things as time permits and will update this review if I come across something significant.I connected an existing cheap rabbit ears antenna to the TV and it scanned and found numerous SD and HD channels. HD off the air reception is just wonderful.This TV has only one antenna input. We have cable (no HD) coming out from co-axial cable and this rabbit ears antenna that also connects to the antenna via co-axial. Fortunately, I had a co-axial cable splitter (Y) and it worked perfectly. I connected cable output and antenna output to each of the inputs of Y splitter and connected the output of Y to TV. When I set the TV to the channel where cable is coming, TV automatically switches to cable channels and then I use cable remote to change the cable channels.Standard definition programs:SD, on the other hand, was worse than our 10-year old 27" CRT TV on some channels. What is interesting is, the advertisements looked very sharp, bright, and colorful. Programs themselves were mediocre. It is possible that the channels we tried either weren't recorded with best quality or not transmitted at best quality. I have to see how I can improve the quality of SD programs. We really don't want to subscribe to HD cable.HD Off-the-air programs:Way more than satisfactory to my eyes. If you go to a store and compared the screen of 237H to some other brand/model, you may find this inferior. Other brands "may be" really good or may be they were just setup that way on display. But, you will be very happy that you saved hundreds of $ since picture quality seems wonderful at home. (We also have a 61" Samsung HD DLP TV in the living room. So, I do know what to expect from a HD TV.)Panorama mode aspect:Panorama mode is disappointing on 237H. (Panorama mode streatches 4:3 picture to 16:9 in such a way that people and things in the middle of the picture don't look fat and stretched. The way they do it is by keeping the picture in the middle intact and streching progressively on the left and right sides of the picture.) Panorama mode on our main TV (DLP) is really smooth and we use it a lot, but on 237H it is very bad. I am not sure if we will ever use that aspect mode. The problem in 237H is that it looks like we are watching the TV through a fish bowl.Other:I have read some people complain that channel switching is slow. I haven't noticed anything like that. It worked fine for me.My TV has 2 HDMI inputs - I have read elsewhere that some people got only one HDMI input.The TV came with one HDMI cable, one power cable, quick reference poster, remote control + batteries, and a CD ROM. Manual is only in CD ROM - no book is supplied. You will be able to find the manual of 237V (almost identical TV) on the Internet.When the TV is powered off, a bright blue LED light comes on and it goes off when the TV is powered on. It is way too bright in the bed room; I have to cover it up with some tape. In a living room, it may act like a night light.It was very easy to setup - took me less than one hour to take down existing TV, place this TV, make all the connections, perform basic initial setup, and start watching (enjoying) the programs.Update 6/15/2007:Setup menu allows to disable (turn off) the bright blue LED in the front.No PIP buttons on the remote; you have to use setup menu to control PIP. Based on some threads on forums elsewhere on the Internet, PIP function has limitations.Yes, you can view the picture for full 178 degrees, but the picture quality starts deteriorate as you move away from the front.Still enjoying the product very much and very happy with the purchase.Update 6/18/2007:Standard definition picture quality is now acceptable after setting noise reduction to high and iDEA setting to black level control.Update 7/3/2007:My camera (Canon S2 IS) can shoot excellent video in VGA (640x480) resolution. When I play the video on my other DLP TV, it would stretch the video to fit the screen and blur the picture. 237T supports a display aspect called 1:1 which will show the video as it is without any stretching. I like this feature a lot - even though the picture size becomes small, the quality is very pleasing.
I am very satisfied with this camera. It takes excellent pictures and videos for its size. You have to keep in mind its size before judging the results. Portability, build quality, picture quality, and price makes this camera a best buy.You don't need to install camera software to access the pictures. Windows XP detects the camera once the USB cable is connected. You can copy your images and videos and paste them into your PC's folder.Simple and easy to use controls and menus make this product user friendly.Two complaints that I have are:1) Uses xD card. I wish it used SD card so I could reuse the cards between my other camera.2) Must take out the battery to charge it. I wish I could charge it within the camera.3) It forgets the date setting once battery is removed (for charging). So, every time you charge the battery, you have to set the date and time.Because of this device, we now have many more pictures (memories) than we would have otherwise had. My other camera (Canon S2 IS) can take much better quality pictures and videos, but it is too big to carry everywhere.Update Feb 10, 2009:Lens cover started malfunctioning a few days ago. The cover opens when the camera is turned on, but it closes only half-way when the camera is turned off. The camera continues to capture pictures.
This thing works great: the channels in the top help with airflow, little rubber feet on the top lift the laptop above the surface, and the fans are extremely quiet. The USB hub works just fine and the unit can be powered by its own AC adapter, but I typically just let the USB cable power it. Because it's a bit smaller than my Dell Inspiron 8200 (15.4" screen), it packs neatly into my laptop backpack. The cable is short, easy to stow, and easy to connect/disconnect. Last, I've had it for a year now, and although it gets crushed every time I pack it away, it hasn't had any problems continuing to run. Highly recommended for anyone with a laptop that has a 15" screen (anything bigger and you might want a larger size cooler)
Bought 2 of these for the 1080p Flatscreen TVs I have because it is still too early to buy a Bluray player(too expensive and technology still evolving). After connecting these to TVs using version 1.3 HDMI cable (that is the latest for true HD sound and 1080p processing), I played a movie to test the picture and sound. The picture had snow and spec in it and the sound kept cutting off with a fixed frequency like a broken record on both. Downgraded the HDMI cable to version 1.0 and it was working fine. So I returned both and bought two Sony 1080p upconverting players instead, they were cheaper and worked fine with the latest version 1.3 HDMI cable.It looks like the firmware is not upward compatible with newer technology and it is not upgradeable either.
I bought this product to boost our Internet connection. Description said that it will improve cable modem signal. However, when I connected this device, our Internet connection completely stopped.I tried it a couple of times. Without the device, I can get to the Internet (albeit at an unsatisfactory speed). With the device, no connection at all.So, I returned the product to Amazon.
This is my first DVD player and it has been really great. It was very easy to set up, great sound and video. The difference between the sound from my VCR and this is incredible. It has many features, including zoom and camera angles. The remote is easy to figure out even with all the extras. I like the fact that it can play VCDs as well as DVDs. I highly recommend this product.
I was a little disappointed to find that the covers are not stiff, but flexible. Price, workmanship and material quality are all good, no complaints there.Photo sleeves have black paper (separator) in them. This is good because if you want to use smaller pictures on some pages, you can stick them to this paper using cellophane tape. We have some non-standard photos that are not quite 8x10. I am able to store them in this folio and they don't look odd.Overall, I am satisfied with the folio but was expecting the covers to be stiff.
I have experienced all the problems the other reviewers have mentioned:- The latch is not durable and breaks easily, allowing the case to come open in you pocket, backpack or briefcase.- The Tungsten T5 rattles in the case - very annoying.- The PDA cannot be placed on the cradle while in the case.- The PDA can not easily be used with a keyboard while in the case.- You cannot listen to music with the case closed, because there is no hole for the headphones plug.- Memory cards can slip out of the two holding brackets and slide around on your PDA's screen.To this list, let me add one more bit of faulty engineering. The slots designed to hold memory cards are oriented horizontally. To remove a card from a bracket, you slide it to the left and out. That is all well and good for a standard memory card. But, if you purchased the WiFi card for your Tungsten T5, you cannot use these slots to store it safely because the length of the WiFi card prevents it from being inserted into either slot. If the slots were oriented vertically, you might have been able to carry your WiFi card in the case, but as it is now, you have to find another means of safely carrying the WiFi card and protecting its contacts.Bottom line: Do not purchase this case unless you are the curator of a museum of poorly engineered products and need it for one of your displays.
First off the screws would not fit in the areas they were supposed to go in. Secondly, box was not packaged, merely taped up on the sides and sent to me like that. Overall, I would never recommend this product to anyone or the person who sold it.
TrashI am a better runner using my low tech Timex runner's watch, distance markings on my running paths, my aged grey matter and Google's gmaps-pedometer application to improve my running times.This unit failed after just six months and I could not be bothered to send it away for repair.
Well, its an xD card. I never remove them from the camera and so far I have not dropped a file.
I consider myself something of a power-user: In addition to the mouse, I also use keystroke commands for various applications. My father also uses a mouse left-handed, which made me consider using the trackball with my left hand -- and still use a mouse with the right.In short, I have a great setup. I can now alternate how I interact with my computer, and reduce repetitive motion. The symmetrical trackball allows me to use my left hand, and the Logitech marble mouse places the thumb on the primary click key. The scrollwheel *is* missing, but, with two *raised* buttons near the primary and secondary (ie. right and left) click keys, you program one of the raised buttons. (I would initially recommend the up/down Autoscroll over the up/down/left/right Universal scroll configuration.) This leaves the secondary raised button for as a "function key" for whatever purpose you like. For example, if you regularly shop on Amazon, you may end up programming it as the Back button. Myself, I have it set as the Enter key, so I neither have to drag the mouse to the OK button (inconvenient), nor use my other hand to hit the Enter key (laziness!).And, as said, my back problem is gone! With a USB hub, you can easily set up your desk to use both the track ball and a mouse. Use whichever you feel like to break up the repetitive motion!EDIT: See discussion about this product's (lack of) compatibility with Vista.
I picked up these headphones from a 0.99c store for $2.49... dont ask. Saw Coby headphones at J&R; for $5; but bought the Coby CV-163 for $6.99. The CVH42 are superior to the CV-163, which are large, uncomfortable, and right headphone slipped always. Also, while adjusting the on-set volume, the right headphone usually lost sound.Now, dont listen to anyone who gives a low rating to the CVH42; if they werent good, I wouldnt be posting this. They are light, and I was blown away first time I put them on. The volume on my pc was set to 90% just to be able to hear the music on the CV-163 as they require lots of power. I turned down the volume to 70% when using the CVH42; the bass was strong, and I do highly recommend the CVH42.No, they are probably not for those doing pro studio work. But if you need good MP3 headphones, get 'em!
OKAY, I have all of you beat. I purchased my 700 power strip and used it for 4 HOURS (yes, that's HOURS, not years...) and it suddenly turned itself off and made a buzzing noise. There LOOKS to be a reset button at the end, but it is just for show, as it DOES NOT RESET. Trash time after 4 hours!!!Don't even CONSIDER buying this ridiculously overpriced item. Now I will buy nothing from that rip-off company.
I bought the V6 headphones after remembering a friend loved them. They are absolutely incredible! Everything people say about them on these reviews is right. The only thing I'd like to add is that these headphones will bring out all the inadequacies in your other equipment. My Sansa mp3 player just doesn't quite cut it now. My sony portable cd player sounds great though. Now I'm looking for a Sony mp3 walkman to replace the Sansa...
Extremely fast data transfers.The drive has a good, solid feel to it instead of feeling like a toy.Vista uses it for readyboost and gives a noticeable improvment to overall computer speed. Absolutly no problems with it.
I advised a neighbor to buy this system simply based on the name and price. ($ after MIR at Costco). It seems from the reviews here that there may be issues but for the price and store's return policy it's worth the risk. I'll be setting it up for him tomorrow so we'll see how it actually performs, I agree the remote is too complex but hey, with the money saved buy an HTM MX-500!Revision: OOps it's the 690 model that's $. Set it up tonight (no stands) Still pretty sweet.
this outdated player may look great with its OUTDATED features, but I am warning you that it's not as great as it looks.multi file format--&#62;It's been featured on Iriver and even iPods years and years ago.storage???--&#62;256mb, that's not enough. These days, flash memory based mp3 players come up with at least 512Mb of memory to 2Gb of memory.10hr battery???--&#62; even iPod, which is a hard drive mp3 player, tops that. iriver's battery lasts 40hours.small???---&#62;compared to iAudio or samsung yepp items, this isn't even near &#34;small&#34;.water resistant--&#62;I have to admit. this is the only original idea that panasonic has brought up with. but a lot of better players come with water resistant kits that allows you to take the player when you are diving.
Don't be frightened away by this printer's cheap price. It lacks the bells and whistles of others, but that means there are fewer features to break down. It is quick, quiet, and clear.
Computers should have a battery back up, especially if you live in Florida where storms crop up frequently. The CyberPoer CP1000AVRLCD is a good size for my Dell computer and all the accessories I use. In the summer in Florida there are daily storms and I haven't had to worry about the computer shutting down since I installed the battery.
Although I anticipated sitting down with the instructions and carefully learning how to fill my player with the podcasts I'd downloaded after I'd done my Saturday errands, I couldn't resist opening the package first thing in the morning and plugging the device into my computer. Without reading anything, I figured out, using the Windows media player, how to sync audio into the player, and had hours of entertainment all weekend.Probably the hardest part was getting the thing out of the shoplifter-resistant hard plastic card--I wonder why, since Amazon shoppers don't have the opportunity to slip items into our pockets without paying for them, Amazon can't get these goods from manufacturers in ordinary cardboard boxes!Oh, and filling the 1 gig was impossible. All the podcasts I'd downloaded, two books I'd bought from Audible, and there's still room left over. I can't imagine needing more memory.
I bought this set (60XS955) in Nov. of 2004. What impressed me was the standard def picture. Most HD sets look really really good in HD but fall flat on their face in std. def. This set looked reasonably good in SD in the store so I hoped it would at home. It did. Not as good as my old RPTV but good enough. The HD images (especially on Discovery HDT) are unreal and very 3D. It shows up some HD channels that compress to much in their broadcast.There are always anomolies with high tech items and this set is no exception, hence 4 stars not 5 for what is a very good set.1) Audio out doesn't work like expected. If you have a set of wireless headphones, say one from Sony?, you can't use them. You see, you have to TURN OFF the attached speakers to use the audio out jacks. WHAT WERE THEY THINKING!?! ADA FAILURE.2) Say you take the time to label all your channels so they read CNN NBC ABC etc as you surf. Then let's say down the road you scan the channels to see if your CATV provider added any new ones. Well all that work went down the drain because it erases all the labels. OOPS!3)Let's say you have a TiVo or ReplayTV and hook it to input 3 using S-Video. What about none of the label choices say DVR until input 5/Component.Am I picky? Sure, it's $4K! There shouldn't be any issues, they should use the set they make and figure it out before selling it.One more thing, I'm using a Harmony 676 and it has discreet input codes all the way to input 7, then 8 is 7 + up one. Maybe that's a Harmony issue, but I don't think Sony has a discreet code for input 8. Oh Well.It's still a good set and has very nice imaging!
Works great with Olympus, Kodak, etc. ALL digital camera flash cards. Simply remove the memory card from your camera, slap it in to the slot and presto... seconds later your images are on your system.Setup was a snap too. Highly recommend! Much easier than using your camera for uploading pics to your computer.
Although the "flat" Cybershot I bought three years ago still takes great photos, and can still fit in my pocket, its fatal flaw--a screen which becomes useless in bright sunlight--led me to buy this model, which has an electronic "viewfinder" which can be seen in any light. The photos I've taken so far are terrific.Other mechanical aspects are amazing: the hand-hold is very comfortable and secure, the camera body is light and easy to handle (so light that it feels like a toy until you realize what great photos you're getting), and the viewfinder can be focused, with just enough difficulty that it won't adjust inadvertently.Unfortunately, the charger which comes with the camera requires five hours to charge the battery (which must be removed to do so). This didn't bother me much until I started reading the "Accessories" folder while I was waiting for it to charge so I could start playing with the camera, and learned that a charger is available at additional cost which will charge the battery in ninety minutes. This should be included with a camera costing more than three hundred dollars!Similarly, the camera's internal memory isn't sufficient to take more than a few pictures, so to use the camera you will immediately need to purchase "accessory" memory. (While you're at it, given the time it takes to charge a battery, you probably want to buy another battery, too).(It's been so long that a camera came with even a rudimentary case that I won't even list that deficiency. I consider myself lucky that a strap, lens hood, and lens cap are included!)
I am using this to replace an IO Gear KVM of similar design. I just bought a Logitech Wave Cordless set and the IOG didn't work with it either in Vista or Mac. This TrendNet was recommended on the Logitech Support site. Well, it works great! All my functionality is now there! My only complaint is the softkey doesn't work on the Mac side (the IOG did!). Everything else is superior. The addition of a hard switch, sound delivery is superior, I always had to jiggle the IOG, same cable no jiggling. Works with one USB dongle for KB & M so much less cables on my desk. I would like a future design to be a little taller and put all the connections in and out on the rear. Clean front, just lights and maybe the buttons on the front.
Running Win XP SP2 with an older Nvidia G2 card required me to update the card's driver, and then some minor adjustments in Nvidia's display manager. The CD that comes with the monitor has a color-correction and display mgmt software of its own, however, the Nvidia software (or whatever company makes your video card) is what should be used in lieu of Acer's software.The test for me was: Can this monitor display my music visualization software (SoundSpectrum's G-Force in full-screen mode) with crystal clarity and vividness? YES - hands down - every line is razor sharp and all colors are absolutely electrifying.This is THE best piece of hardware I've bought in a mighty long time. I love it!
It's a great power supply and my third PCP&C product over time. Just one word of warning. It is larger than most of this power level. It BARELY fit in the PSU space of my Antec P182 case. I had to cut the tiewrap and move the cables around one at a time to place them properly. Other than that it's silent and strong.
For 2 years I owned a Palm III. It was great - organized my time, appts, schedules, phone numbers, contacts, etc. A few months ago I got the Palm VII - for wireless access. So far, I have used the wireless Mapquest and other services, like email (virtually EVERY provider can be accessed through this)... so if you need wireless access get this. Otherwise, if you just need an organizer..just go for the Palm III
First had a Belkin Tune Cast II powered by a little AA battery and gave me only four choices of bands. In Chicago that wasn't enough. The PodFM is excellent. It is a bit large and does stick out from the cigarette lighter, but that's the only drawback. Tunes easily, very strong signal in the car, charges the iPod...only if you want it to. Can't recommend it highly enough.
Nice camcorder, but the 750 model is *very, very* similar. The750 is also $ . . . cheaper.However, if you want to spend a littlemore for a slightly more powerful cam, get this one.
Read the reviews above and search the net for bulletin boards.This piece of equipment is absolutely worthless, I mean it. DirecTV otherwise is a fine service, but do NOT get this box, it's terrible along with the software used to run it.Completely non-functional...I've had three in six months, all terrible.
This is Sony's top-of-the-line consumer Hi-MD recorder/player. A similar device, a little cheaper, is the MZ-RH910, for which I have posted a long review. There are four differences between the cheaper MZ-RH910 and this model: the display, a remote control, a better battery, and a pouch. The display on this unit is beautiful. The stock images from Sony don't do it justice, so I took a picture of it and uploaded it onto Amazon (hover over the "customer image" thumbnails and click to see it). In my review for the RH-MZ910, I stated that this display was "probably more convenient." I understated the case; this display is much better, allowing you to easily see the display under subdued light or even in total darkness. The only place where the LCD on the RH-MZ910 is superior would be outdoors, where all the light washes out the RH-MZ10 Electro Luminescent display. The RH-MZ10 can be configured so that the display stays on all the time, or the factory setting is that it shuts off most of the display after a few seconds of no buttons being pressed to conserve battery power. The second difference between the RH-MZ910 and is that this unit has a wired remote control. You plug it into the headphone jack and plug your headphones into the remote control. I have not found it to be useful, it easier just to press the buttons on the unit itself. This unit is supplied with a battery that has about 40% more capacity than the MZ-RH910-- although it has the same form factor and it is interchangeable. Finally, this unit is supplied with a pouch big enough to hold the unit and earbuds.I bought my other unit, the MZ-RH910, for its recording capabilities -- with an analog microphone, that unit and this one can record in uncompressed CD quality (44100 Hz 16 bit Stereo), as Sony calls it "a recording studio in the palm of you hand." To my knowledge, there are no other devices in this price range that can do this, except other Sony minidisc units. Sony has just (August 2005) released some "professional" models which include a microphone (the Hi-MD MZ-M100 is the analogous model). With the MZ-RH10 unit, you need a microphone to record -- I use the Sony ECM-719 -- about $65 -- which I believe is a better mic than the one included with the MZ-M100, both in quality and because it can also be used on non-Minidisc units.I am very pleased with the quality of the recordings; and other people are usually quite impressed too. Minidiscs are also commonly used to record musical performances, either for practice, demos or to record concerts, though I don't use it for this. These units are also popular with journalists to record interviews. I use it, however, primarily to record the voices of my family and friends. Most people have their memories recorded in photographs and video, but audio is overlooked. However, voice recordings, especially good quality audio, invokes strong emotional responses and memories. Video, even with the highest quality equipment costing thousands of dollars, cannot substitute for it because when people are being videotaped, they become self-conscious and behave differently. The situations where you can shoot video are also much more limited--good lighting, your friends want to look good and be well dressed, etc. You can lay this machine down on the table and record, for example, your parents telling stories or your children, and get candid, authentic, high quality recordings that will sound the same in 20 years as they did the day you recorded them. The next step up from Hi-MD recorders is something like the MAudio Microtrack 24/96 which can record at better than CD quality, and has an impressive feature list, about $400 street price plus more $$ for a 1GB CompactFlash card - I don't know about it's reliability or ruggedness.After I bought my other unit, the MZ-RH910, I realized I really liked the music-playing capabilities as well -- I must have been the last person in the developed world without an iPod or other digital music player -- and I now needed 2 units since my wife wanted a music player as well. So I researched digital music players. Many of the hard-disc units are very nice, but there was one thing I really disliked about them. Almost all the major brands, the newest units from Apple iPod, iRiver, and Cowon iAudio all had non-replaceable batteries. If this doesn't bother you, then you should probably consider one of these units. However, I really dislike the idea that in a year or two I'll have to send my unit to have the battery replaced, at significant expense, or buy a new unit. Also, I like to be able to load another battery immediately -- this unit also includes a side mounted AA battery holder, a great feature -- basically you will always have power for this unit if you have a spare gumstick battery or some AA batteries. The batteries for the minidisc can be had very cheaply, the Sanyo HF-A1U, a high capacity battery, can be found online for about $8, plus another $6-$8 for shipping. The hard-disk players I did find that had replaceable batteries all seemed to have reliability problems (Rio), or had other limitations -- such as the inability to play uncompressed audio natively (Sony NW-HD5 Network Walkman -- which I might have bought had it not been for this issue). Another advantage of the Sony minidisc units, is that I believe they are less delicate than hard disc units -- for example, my MZ-RH910 was dropped from a counter about 3 1/2 feet high and its perfectly fine. Also, these units have never skipped on me. One disadvantage compared to hard disc units is that minidiscs transfer speeds are not quite as fast -- so it takes a few more minutes to load a CD. This device will load and play back constant or variable bit rate MP3 -- but only the MPEG1 codec, not MPEG2 or 2.5. Almost all music will be MPEG1, but speech is sometimes recorded at the lower frequencies available in MPEG2. There is no convenient workaround either, since you cannot force Sonicstage to convert the files to another format -- though you can convert them one file at time in Sonicstage. The Sonicstage software used to transfer files to machine is cumbersome, especially if you are doing frequent transfers. Because of the lack of support for MPEG2 and the cumbersome nature of Sonicstage this device is not recommended for podcasts. The new Sonicstage 3.2 software, released in August 2005, which you may need to download from connect.com, will now encode mp3s from your CDs (at fixed bit rates only) -- though the version I received on the CD, 3.0, would not. You can load the music uncompressed though you will only be able to get 94 minutes on one minidisc -- but the fidelity is really stunning, and if you have good headphones you may want to use uncompressed for your favorite music. It's too bad the player doesn't support FLAC or another lossless format, which cuts the file size nearly in half.Of course, with a Hi-MD player, you can't really put your whole music collection on one disc. I use the ATRAC3Plus 256 kbps format, which is the larger, higher quality format, it reduces the original uncompressed audio to about 20% of the original size. With this format, I have found you can get about 8 CDs on one minidisc. I have compared this ATRAC3Plus format to MP3s I made using LAME using the 320 kbps compression "insane" setting (the maximum quality and minimal compression permitted). The ATRAC3Plus sounds truer than the MP3 to the original uncompressed version, but you need good headphones to tell the difference. If you use the ATRAC3Plus 64kbps format (if you are using cheap earbuds, you may not notice the difference), you can get about 32 CDs on one minidisc. Additional Hi-MD minidiscs are about $7 each + shipping (Amazon charges a fortune to ship them for some reason, but you can buy them elsewhere). This unit and the MZ-RH910 are plastic instead of aluminum or magnesium, so they don't look as quite as pretty. Magnesium would probably have been nice, but I think plastic is better than aluminum which gets dinged too easily, and portable device like this is likely to be dropped a few times.In summary: as a recording device, it is without equal for the price and size; as a music player you may want to consider it depending on your priorities.
For really close detailed shots of plants, flowers, equipment, jewellery, this set of lenses is incredible!
I've had this antenna actually an older version of this antenna and I've been fighting it for years. I agree with all the One Star reviews. Maybe ring toss is a great idea! The T-Wire included with most amps is better. I have an RCA indoor HD antenna that I hadn't realized does FM. I spit the signal and WOW so much better than this, or the wire.RCA ANT1450 Multi-Directional Digital Flat Amplified Home Theater Antenna (White)This one. Now I'm working on AM.
Great video bag. Interior has a nice divder for storing cam on one side and supplies, tapes, power packs on the other. Has a cool front pocket for those of us that always need a *little* more room for storing something.The whole bag seems to absorb shocks with the foam-like padding. I also like the lid which hangs over a little so things dont fall out and dirt doesn't get in.
This is a high-end Velbon tripod, but if you have a few extra dollars and take photography seriously, it might pay to get this one.The height is great and overall body construction is EXTREMELY solid. Not rickety at all. The pan head pans smoothly and the legs lock easily and firmly. Invest wisely in this Velbon. :)
I had to downgrade my rating to 1 star. NOT recommended at this time.I was pretty happy with the MX1000, especially the shape, which was more comfortable than any other mouse I've used. The Revolution is almost as comfortable and some will like that it is narrower between the thumb and the fingers and shallower under the fingertips. The MX1000 is taller towards the front so your fingers are higher off of the desk.The base has been extended under the thumb - great. Now I wish they would extend the base on the right side so my fingertips wouldn't drag on the mousepad -- I have the same complaint about all mice.The Rev is nice but I miss the up/down buttons that were on the MX100 just above and below the wheel -- I wish the Rev had those buttons. I realize the new scroll wheel is supposed to obviate the need for the up/down buttons, but so far I have my doubts.When you press down on the Rev wheel, you switch between free-spin scroll and click scroll. But this means you can't press the wheel as a SELECT button -- that's a darn shame. I'd rather have the SELECT function in the wheel and control the scroll mode with another button.So what I'd really like is an MX1000, but with a wing at the right side of the base under the fingers and a wheel like the one on the Rev. Even better, shape the mouse like the cup of a hand in a relaxed position.As far as accuracy goes, this mouse seems to have the same tracking engine as the MX1000, which reportedly works at 800 dpi and the laser works better on more surfaces than the MX700.Problems:The settings don't hold for some programs and you have to keep manually reseeting the wheel speed, acceleration and the click 1st spin 1st option.I have two of these and one is going back to the factory because of a bad battery. A few have posted that the battery goes for one or two weeks or more without recharging; others have posted that the battery lasts only a day or two. Both of those things are true in my experience, depending on which of my two MX Revolutions you're talking about. Your mileage might be the same.With further work on the software, and better quality control on the batteries, which, btw, are not replacable batteries, this could be a good mouse. Different enough from the MX1000 that one can't say it's better or worse -- it depends on which shape you find long term more comfortable. For now, and at these prices, I definitely wouldn't recommend purchasing the Revolution.
Skip this one and get either: Kodak Royal Gold 400 or Fuji Superia 400. If you settle for this film you are going to possibly compromise your photo shot.
This camera is cute. Period. It's great for kids who are learning to shoot photos, but the film is kinda pricey when you consider that kids don't really shoot well and might run through LOTS of film. Nevertheless, it might be a good learning tool for them since they can instantly see the photo they took.If you are an adult, you will be disappointed with this though. If you want a real Polaroid, look at the Polaroid Spectra.Otherwise, the camera and kit are great. COmes with film, focus-free camera lens (bult in), flash, etc.
Guess what bug Apple didn't catch before releasing the Ipod Classic? The bug that makes the Ipod turn back on a half second after you turn it off. You can't fix this with a reset or restore or letting the battery drain all the way or any of the other common techniques for dealing with Ipod freeze-ups and other common problems. The Ipod jsut keeps running until the battery is dead. You can keep it on a charger but you can't turn it off. So, the many folks that have experienced this problem are waiting for Apple to admit the problem and come up with a fix. Just google "ipod classic won't turn off". It's just incredible, ain't it?Of two, one broke within the first month- it kept turning itself on. Last year I bought a couple and one wouldn't turn on after about a month. So a 500 batting average seems pretty consistent, although nothing to brag about. According to posted stats, through 1985, Ipods had a 20% failure rate within the first year.Anyhow, after dutifully going on line to make an appointment for service -- because trying to to do it in the store jsut ends in frustration -- all full today, come back and try again tomorrow --I finally saw a helper after about 40 minutes. Apple calls them "geniuses"; some are knowledgable and some are thick as bricks. It took about 30 seconds to determine that the ipod was broken -- Hey, you turn it off it turns back on within a second. They told me they had none in stock but would have them in a couple days; they'd call me and I could, if I wanted, check the status on-line.Well, I walked up front and asked a saleperson if they had any 80GB classics in stock. "Loads.! You want to buy one?" The new ones are used when you bring back an ipod for replacment, even if the ipod is brand new. And I can't check status on-line because all it says for my case ID is "status not available"and that's avfter 3 days. And if I call the store, they tell me the any day now, just wait for a call or check on line. A Year ago I waited for them to call and after more than a week -- no messages left, no missed calls, I finally called them and they said oh sure your replacement has been here for days, why didn't you come pick it up.Walking past the one-on-one Apple "Training table" I saw a sign that said, "No pain, no gain." I thought, "No pain, no service."
This product is definitely not worth $12.99 . It fits my NB-1L battery, but it doesn't charge unless there is some kind of weight pushing the battery down into the charger. It's very light and does not seem to be of very high quality. I'd say it would be worth 4 or 5 bucks.
If I had to use one word to describe the diNovo Edge, it would be 'Fancy'. Not 'Futuristic' or 'Hi-tech'...just 'Fancy'. Like an iPhone, the design takes center stage more than anything else. Size is just about right, weight is fairly average, and the 'scissor' keys provide for shallower keypresses (and thus less banging) than a standard keyboard. One feature I was surprised at was how useful the brushed-aluminum palm rest has been: it looks like an artistic statement but really feels pitched at just the right angle. I enjoy the smooth feel of the surface.There are some added bonuses to the diNovo Edge beyond a good handrest, though, so let's take a look at them.Bluetooth: out of the box, the USB dongle is designed to connect specifically to the keyboard. If you already have a Bluetooth adapter in your computer, you don't have to use it--but if you don't have Bluetooth, the dongle can also be configured to be a generic Bluetooth adapter: hold in the "connect" button while plugging in the USB dongle for the first time. Keep holding for 5 or 6 seconds more and an alternate set of drivers will be installed. I use the dongle for my keyboard, phone, and Razer Orochi mouse.The touchpad: Logitech's software will let you make the X axis more or less sensitive than the Y axis. On my dual-widescreen setup, this has made it easy for me to zip from screen to screen when I do use the touchpad--more scrolling side to side and less scrolling top to bottom. Unlike a laptop, this touchpad doesn't need smeary fingertip-presses: a light glide of the fingertips will do. Buttons for left and right click are beneath the touchpad, but are very close together, making it a bit of a stretch for your thumb to reach down, especially when right-clicking. You also have to push all the way down on the button to get a response. I probably wouldn't want this to replace my mouse, but in a pinch it does better than I'd expected.Scroll controls: the top and right edges of the touchpad will let you swipe across them to scroll vertically or horizontally. Logitech's software lets you also tweak sensitivity for each of these. I haven't found a satisfactory setting for this yet, and as a result I don't use the scrolling areas much.Other buttons: along the edges of the diNovo are buttons to put the computer to sleep, open Windows Media Center, zoom in and out by degrees (or a specific percentage), and an arrow button that will put the cursor exactly where the mouse is. Being used to using a mouse, I almost never need this feature. The volume slider on the right is very easy to use, as is the Mute button. Important button presses such as Volume, Mute, and Caps Lock will light up green on your computer screen in huge letters, much like a TV remote. Last, every function key has an alternate mapping: press the Fn key and you'll see a phone icon (mine opens Windows Messenger), Search, e-Mail, Home (opens a browser to your home page), standard media player controls, and four programmable function keys that you can customize using the software.Software: installation is fairly easy, provided you follow the simple setup poster. If you deviate the setup may fail and you'll have to re-run it. This is all well and good, but it also means that you can't start by installing the latest version of the software from the website. You would have to install the keyboard and out-of-the-box software, uninstall the software (with a spare keyboard handy), then install the new version. On Windows XP SP 3, this didn't work for me and I had to fall back on the out-of-the-box version of the software. When setup is complete, it won't prompt you to reboot, but it also won't show you every feature of the software until you reboot--menus and settings simply weren't there for me, but that first reboot fixed everything.This all makes the diNovo Edge a fairly nice package, but it has some tradeoffs. For one, looking at screenshots of the Function keys being lit, I'd expected some sort of backlighting for the keyboard as well--there is none. A soft glow, even if I couldn't change the intensity, would have been useful for lowlight situations. Second, we have the lack of a 10-key. Everyone is different, but if you really want to figure out for yourself how annoyed you'll get at not having a 10-key function, cover your current keyboard's 10-key for a week and make a note of how many times you reach for it in a day. Most people are used to having a "Fn" key for custom keys, but Logitech inexplicably puts this key on the right-hand side of the keyboard, between Alt and Ctrl. Every laptop I've used has always placed this on the left (and usually to one side of Alt & Ctrl).Third, the battery is not replaceable. It does appear to be good for 1-2 months on a charge, but how many charges it will last through I don't know. I make it a point to turn the keyboard off when I'm going to be away from the keys for a while. The diNovo can go from empty to full charge after about 2 hours sitting on its stylish docking base (see product pictures).Last, the key layout is not standard. It's similar to the 'Office' key layout (if you're familiar with that): the grid of 6 keys that are normally all the same size and oriented horizontally are instead turned vertical, with the Delete key being twice the size of the others (Home, End, Page Up, Page Down). Insert and Print Screen are half the height of all the other keys, and the Function keys are this way, too. Keyboard purists will find this screwy and annoying.If you're looking for a very simple keyboard, the diNovo Edge makes for a fancy and sleek addition to your desktop. Bluetooth is nice, as is the feel of the keys, but there are also some sacrifices you will be making by moving over to the Edge. If Logitech had kept the 10-key intact and the 6-key layout horizontal, it would be perfect. I would not use this computer for data entry or gaming, but for everyday use it's still fairly nice.
These are sheets and not pouches but they can easily be made into "pouches". For the price and quantity you can't beat them. The quality of these sheets is very good. They just need to reword the title of the product.
After my second plastic strap was more duct tape than plastic, I knew I needed a new one, so purchased this. Because I couldn't figure out how the Garmit would sit in the charger once the strap was installed, I resisted changing the strap for almost a year, and now I'm sorry.The wraparound strap fits more snugly and comfortably than the plastic strap ever did, and the strap actually helps the unit sit in the charger more securely!Don't wait for your plastic strap to fall apart before upgrading to this one.
This is a great scanner. If you are a home user, or light professional user, this is a very good scanner.It is perfect for home and office projects and scans color at the touch of a button. It can also be set up as a copy machine with the use of yoru printer (which is a really cool feature!)The 600 dpi optical resolution, 9,600 dpi enhanced is nice and more than adequate for most home users. The USB interface is really fast to set up and is a snap.Stop looking and get this one by the leader.
It only has 30 degree field of view at 21 mm and that is EXTREMELY narrow. Too narrow to be of any real use in finding anything. That is why I returned the item and instead bought seperate eyepieces which I think are better, even though you have to change them out. I don't think a beginner like me would realize this at first but I quickly realized this is NOT what I wanted and my $60 would be better off going to better individual eyepieces.
My six-year old boy is a huge Ramona fan. We've read about six of the Ramona books and I just ordered the four we haven't read yet. Even though right now we don't have new ones to read, he's making me re-read him ones we've already been through. They are his favorite books. And I can see why. Ramona is so real, with emotions, reactions and feelings that little kids can really relate to. Beverly Cleary is a masterful writer for children.
Strengths: Almost as small as a canon Elph2, looks attractive, easy to use, LCD panel light up for night shooting, panorama switch, light in weight.Weaknesses: Haven't found any yet.Overall: The main reason I bought this camera is because it look attractive. It's design is small and the silver color makes it look durable and it is. It's like buying a car, you first like the looks then the specs comes second. Also, it's easy to use, my wife learned it in couple minutes and she know nothing about cameras. Couple people mention about the zoom being a little slow, but I find it just perfect, at less for normal everyday consumer use. I mean, if your looking for fast zoom you should be looking for SLR (some great ones on Amazon too) and not point &amp; shoot. The picture quality are clear and good. But then again, keep in mind that you must know how to use the camera or any camera correctly and your film developer must do a good processing job to get good prints. Overall, I recommend this camera to anyone. It worth the money. Great camera; you won;t be disappointed.
Overall, I have been very happy with my belt clip case. I carry my Palm everywhere with me, and the belt clip case has made that easy and safe to do. My only gripe is that I wish I could access my Palm without having to remove it from the case completely. I would really appreciate a case that would lock securely onto a belt but also allow for complete detachment and then use of the Palm without removal from the case. However, until someone designs such a case, I would highly recommend this one.
The quality of the plastic used in the Visor definitely feels cheaper and less solid than that of Palm's products. The feel of the plastic stylus on the screen is also somewhat poorer than that of the Palm that I had been using prior. However, the expandability of the Springboard modules, while I have yet to take advantage of them, is promising. The speed of USB Hotsync is a clear improvement over Palm's standard serial. Finally, I like the Visor's design feature that allows it to be snapped into cases designed for it, rather than using velcro. Overall, I would recommend the Visor as an alternative to Palm's products, unless you want the Palm V. I haven't noticed any problem related to the absence of flash ROM on the Visor compared to the Palm. (Upgradeable OS may be overrated...)
This is a great little card holder, especially when you consider that some memory cards do not come with great plastic protectors.The interior has 1 large stretch pocket on the interior right side, and 2 smaller mesh pockets on the left side - great for holding a couple of memory cards of any type. The overall construction feels strong, but I wish they'd make this in a hard 'shell' like case even if they do claim the exterior is made for &quot;all-weather&quot; situations. Nevertheless, this a must-have to protect your memory cards and the images on them.
I have hed this for about a month. I have it hooked into my router. At first there was a glitch in the system where I could only do one print job, then the printer would not print, and I had to get it back online by turning it off then on.I called tech support, and true to their great reputation, they helped me out. Turns out the printer was not having a fixed ISP, so my computer kept 'losing' it. Tech support talked me through setting a fixed ISP on the printer menu, and since then it has worked wonderfully, and I am very satisfied.Only gripe with this printer is that is can sometimes be 'too smart'. It does not like to take smaller sizes of paper like 4 x 6 labels. If I use full size labels, there is no problem. I will even print on some avery labels designated for ink jet.
Despite the praise given to the iRiver, a prime reason to buy this device, is to show it to other designers as to what not to do when designing.Before describing why it is bad, here is a quick run down of what it offers. It has lots of features. Beyond playing mp3 and wav files, it has an FM tuner, recording device, picture viewer, file storage, lines in, lines out, and even a carrying case. It can also be found for a comparitively reasonable price.So why is it annoying to use. Well first, the buttons are small and close together. When the volume was to high once I went to lower it but manged to hit the nav button. I then was in navigation hell and couldn&#8217;t get out resulting in my ears being blasted into deafness. As for the Nav button, its not even the only Nav button. In fact sometimes, you have to hit the left arrow button or even worse, the record button. Of course, if you do not hold the record button long enough to get to the correct nav screen, that&#8217;s right you start recording when you don&#8217;t wantto.When listening to the radio, it is not even easy to change between preset and non-preset channels. Therefore you may not get to the channel you want.Of course, one might just buy it for listening to music. Frankly, when buying a digital music device I want an interface that&#8217;s a little bit more than a standard file tree. It has metadata such as artists and albums, it should not be hard to get to them and have all their songs play. With the iRiver your stuck to navigate through sometimes lengthy file trees.In a nutshell, if you need lots of features, this may work for you. You will, however, have to deal with an incredibly user unfriendly device.
Yes, it's one of those - 5 star machines with 3 star drawbacks-FOR ALL OF MANUFACTURER'S OUT THERE PLEASE MAKE A DVD RECORDER/HARD DRIVE COMBO WITH ALL THE FEATURES THAT RECORDS ON all DISC TYPES AND HAS ALL THE FEATURES!!!!! AND THE FEATURES ACTUALLY WORK AS DESCRIBED- AND DOESN'T BREAK DOWN FROM HEAVY RECORDING!!!!PROS:*Beautiful tuner-perfect quality hooked up with R/W/Y of all things-my other high quality hookups are already in use so this is my only option*Perfect play quality also*scene delete edits out comercials in a 1 hour show in about 4 minutes once you get the hang of it*HDD recorded shows dub to disc so quickly it's ridiculous-1/4 time maybe I'm not sure but roughly 15-20 min for a 1 hour show on the high end.*you can make list of titles to dub before bed and it dubs them all without you having to set it after each title. If you're really lazy :) you don't even have to pick the speed/quality-if you want everything to fit on a disc, hit auto and it picks the highest quality for the space left on the disc*everything is quick, almost instant-scene delete/divide/erase-there's no 2 minute waiting for it to register. Same for editing +RW disc-very quick, never had anything like it.*SILENT - ABSOLUTELY SILENT*every recording mode known to man! Not limited to SP/LP/EP*One button on remote shows how much space left for every mode on your HDD and your disc*plays disc that other players won't play, but should play.*Easy to hook up to a VCR and dub your old tapes - with an upgraded quality (you can go straight to dvd or to the HDD and then edit commercials or record episodes on DVD in a new order in speed dub mode)*When dubbing a title from HDD to DVD that is less that 20 minutes, you can watch live TV with a bar on the bottom so you know how far along you are. ODDLY, over 20 minutes and you ca't watch live TV because it shows whatever you are dubbing - I think this has to be my fault but I can't figure out how to change it so for now I'll include it in the review.*Easy buttone on reomte to switch between TV/Digital TVCONS:*won't record on 4x disc-annoying but tolerable*so far it won't dub from DVD unless it was recorded on this machine. That's ridiculous and defeats the purpose entirely. I suspect it is because all other dvd's are recorded from Satellite broadcast(Directv) (THIS MACHINE IS HOOKED UP TO MINIMAL BASIC CABLETV)and in very small print in the manual it says "some satellite recordings are sopyrighted and will not dub to the hardrive. But we're talking basic soap operas, news broadcasts, cartoons - this is not HBO movies or something. I hooked it up to another DVD player and can copy to the HDD from the other DVD but why have a machine that' dubs both ways if it only works with cable television or over the air broadcasts???????*No TV Guide? Okay, I never understood why this mattered until I got directv and a DVR-now it is very annoying to have to set up like a VCR to record*You can't title until after it is recorded - and since there's no TV guide, there's no way to know what the name of the episode is-so I look it up on my sat TV Guide and then type it in, like a cell phone into the HDD menu on this unit. That's ridiculous*Again, titling is annoying, I don't text message because I hate it, and now my titling is done the same way -time consuming, annoying, frustrating*LP is 3 hours - what idiot designed this???????????????????It's a basic industry standard for goodness sakes!!*I can't explain why but when I first started dubbing from HDD to disc, it would hang up in the middle of the dub and I would have to unplug and restart - it would restore the disc and being +RW I could divide it /delete the hung up blank screen and then dub only the part I needed but after about 10 days of regular dubbing (hang up a/b 10% of the time) -now it never hangs up at all. It's like it had to practice enough to remember what to do - BIZARRE. But now it's perfect.IF ANYONE KNOWS WHY I CAN'T DUB A DVD TO HDD THAT WAS RECORDED FROM SATELLITE, PLEASE TELL ME HOW TO FIX IT. IF THE OTHER FEATURES AND PRICE WEREN'T SO ABSOLUTELY OUT OF THIS WORLD FABULOUS, I WOULD HAVE SENT IT BACK FOR THIS REASON ALONE. SINCE I EASILY HOOKED UP ANOTHER DVD PLAYER, I DECIDED TO KEEP IT BUT IF THIS IS A TRUE FLAW - IT SHOULD BE ADVERTISED AS NOT BEING SATEELITE COMPATIBLE.By the way, others have recommended Panasonic if you can afford it but if you are a +RW person, they claim to be "multidisc" but all the message boards are loaded with complaints that they are not +RW compatible no matter what they say. That's the only reason (and the $$$) that I would stay away from them-it's false advertising and flat out lying - but if you don't care to edit your discs they claim to be the best out there. Personally, once I tried +RW and the editing that goes with it, I wouldn't go back.
Using xp I have no problems (though only had for a few days) you have to dl the latest drivers because the software drivers that come with it are out of date. this device needs to be calibrated.. If you dont calibrate you will get unacceptable performance. the software is nothing to shout about.. works well with photoshop and paintshop pro.. doesnt have an eraser but if you know how to use the history command in photoshop it should only be an inconvenience.
Ive read what others had to say.. few dont even own the lens.. so you know what I think about their opinion. The few that do. 1: you need a tripod or monopod to use lenses 300mm or better to get sharp photos. At 500mm a tripod and a off camera shutter release is preferred (you are dealing with an F8 lens here people). As far as picture quality goes, under perfect conditions it takes very good photos for a mirror lens. Heck as far as that goes it takes about a good as you'de expect from a cheap lens. The lens itself isn't difficult to focus if you set the camera on a tripod with the autofocus off.(duh). As far as practical applications. A500mm lens isnt that practical. I bought mine for a lunar eclipse and haven't used it since.. (anyone? $75 paypal) the lens comes with 3 filters, except for the uv. the other 2 filters are impractical (nd- flor)The lens also comes with a 2x adapter (1000mm at f8) now this is where its hard to focus... you can't even find what your trying to shoot...LOL) I played with the 1000mm and as expected shots were a bit soft and flat. I owned a $2500 canon telphoto years back 500/2.8 and the shots taken from that lens was only slightly better than with the opteka. Ony advantage is that you could use it handheld in daylight conditions.. Don't even try it with this lens.Bottom line for the price its a very good deal. just remember you dont hand a hammer to a 800lb gorilla and expect anything good to come from it.
I've been using this camera for a about 2 months now and over all its a pretty nice digital camera. Only real complaint I have is finding another USB locally. For the life of me I cant find mine and the port is so little that none of my other millions of adaptors will work. Overall a nice around time, quick snap shots of the kids camera.
Five stars for quality because of its reputation, but a quick note here to say that these are not compatible with the Pioneer PDR-609 CD Recorder - a somewhat picky model. I used TDK instead with that older machine. Before buying a 100 pack of anything, buy a single disc or small pack with the rest of your Amazon order to check compatibility first.
Very reliable card. I've used it countless times and have never had any errors. All the space comes in super handy when working with raw files. This alone makes it well worth the extra cost.The price itself is an added wonder, especially considering these babies went for over a thousand dollars just two years ago.
For me this purchase came down to portability. I had been carrying around a Canon Ixus 500 and it was a touch on the fat side. The T10 is about the size of a slimline mobile/cell phone. And fits easily into a small clutch or back pocket.There's a bit of noise in low light photos but on the whole I've captured some excellent images - for an ultra compact camera.A brilliant point and shoot camera. Much more user friendly than, say, the older Canon (even though I prefer the Canon images). This was my first Sony and while I'm not sure if I would buy another, I know there's nothing out there I would trade it up for at the moment. Not for the price, portability and ease of use.
I have this camera for a bit more than a year now. Overall, this is a great camera for 169.00 I paid for at that time. I bought this so that I don't have to use my regular minolta maxxum 5 all the time to take pictures.Pros:1) Tons of features- Manual controls- Macro focus- Night shot mode- Manual Flash controls2) Real canon glass lense. Decent optical zoom and combine it with digital zoom and you get very good coverage.3) LCD display is sharp even in birght sun light4) The remote ! The remote is awsome. No more running to the seat after for self timer.5) Last but not least. Picture quality is really good in good lighting. Contrasting colors come up very nicely. Like pictures of flower bed.Cons:1) Poor picture at low light2) Cycling time is a bit slow3) For macro photo focus is always not very sharp
I have a E-510 and bought this lens, because I frequently shoot in the shade of trees and reeds and want the extra stop of light (f3.5-4.5 vs f4.0-5.6) this lens offers when zoomed all the way out (150mm) over the current Olympus kit 40-150mm and also because its being offered at closeout prices.Comparing it to the current 410/510 kit 40-150mm, it is a bigger, heavier lens (not twice the size but maybe 1.5 times the size and probably the weight as well). It feels and looks like the construction was more expensive on it than the current kit lens (probably why they're not making these anymore). Adorama packed it very well. If you're looking for a economical 40-150mm or want that extra stop of light out at 150mm over your 410/510 kit 40-150mm, this is a great deal. I doubt they'll be available much longer - judging by the price. Recommended.
Works great. Used it to split my cable into two different items (two different TiVo's), one displaying HD. The output was fantastic, it works great. Highly recommended. (This had better output than the tap that the Comcast tech gave me.)
Instead look into CF1GB-40-278 (Lexar 40x) compact flash card. This one is Type 1 and slow as molasses. For about the same price the lexar card (which is Type 2) is almost 10 times faster. If you are into digital photography with atleast 3mp cameras you need to skip this card and get a faster one.
This printer was Epson's high end 8 1/2 by 11 printer until recently and as such does a very good job, however it has its downsides as you can see through these reviews and those should be kept in mind when choosing a printer. Here are my impressions after owning/running an R800 for 3 years.The setup on Mac and PC is easy and straightforward. The CD/DVD cover printing feature works great (just have to get the "printable" kind of CD/DVD blanks) - supposedly Epson has the patent on this in the US and is why Canon doesn't offer it on their US printers but does in other markets. Regular printing works very well. Photo Printing looks fantastic, the inks are pigment based so they should last a long time after printing (Canon's are typically dye based and aren't supposed to last as long, although I've never run into problems with either).While some people have had trouble with paper feeding, I never have, although I only keep about 20 sheets of paper in the tray at a time (I never drop 1/2 a paper reem in there etc.).Now for the downsides I've observed. The printer uses ink each time you turn it on - consequently if you turn it on but don't print much, your ink levels and eventually your cartridges will empty themselves. I noticed this because I printed through a ton of paper and no photos and yet a new Gloss Optimizer, which in my setup, only is used for photos emptied itself (or at least said it was empty). If you don't use the colors (or gloss optimizer) much for an extended period, the nozzles can clog (sometimes permanently) - i.e. you need to use everything on a weekly or biweekly basis or risk clogging (this appears to occur with the Canon's as well). The ink cartridges can go pretty fast and aren't transparent making me wonder (when I haven't used them much over a long time period but they say their empty) are they really empty or am I just tripping the "time to buy more ink" from Epson revenue enhancement plan. The cartridges have chips embedded into each one (so you can't use generic, much cheaper than gold by weight ink cartridges) and once the printer says its empty, it won't let you take it out and put it back in and use it more (I've had to throw away cartridges that I could shake and hear the ink sloshing around in them - by weight, I'd guess a 1/3 still in there). This occurs when I haven't printed much for extended periods, when I'm printing consistently I don't run into this issue. Canon's have the chips embedded in them as well, hard to get away from it nowadays. Epson doesn't come close to the ease of Canon's easy photo print software (where you can photo print borderless or with a border with just an easy click - on the Mac I get one choice by default).One additional item, the printer software warns you when an ink cartridge gets "low" (probably less than 1/2 full - just a guess), but will let you print until its empty (normally it seems to figure this out on printer startup - probably empties itself) - however, here's the catch, if you print a cartridge till its empty and there are other cartridges that are "low", it says that all those cartridges are now empty and you have to replace them all - this happens to me on the Mac. The way to work this is to watch the ink levels in the epson software and replace the lowest one before it becomes "empty" - i.e. when its really low, but hasn't been really low for too long.So, If you are going to print alot of photo's consistently (alot of the time) then this is the printer you want - that's the perfect environment for it. If you plan on printing consistently (a page or two or more every day or so) and occasionally doing some photo's, the R800 will work for you as well (be sure to print off a photo now and then (or print a page or two telling the printer that its printing on Epson photo paper, so it uses the gloss optimizer and photo black cartridges, to keep the gloss optimizer nozzles clear).If you are going to print alot of paper (not photo's) and occasional photo's the R800 will work, but the ink (stuff sells for more than gold by weight) can get quite expensive (laser printers are where you want to go when printing large volumes - they're the cheapest by far). If you aren't going to print much except occasionally (paper or photo's), then this isn't a good printer for you either as the nozzles will clog (sometimes permanently) rendering the printer useless for photo printing - and inexplicably the cartridges will announce themselves empty and ready for replacement even though you haven't printed much but did that over a long time. This last issue doesn't appear to be an R800 or Epson only issue (I see the same clogging and cartridge emptying issue in the Canon Pixma reviews as well) - my guess is that its an Epson/Canon revenue enhancement plan.All in all, a very good printer, but it has its limitations for the kind of job your going to use it for.
I just got this unit and must say that I am disappointed. It maybe because I was expecting it fully decode hdmi audio instead of having another optical in for the same source. So when I connect my PS3 I can not listen to full uncompressed audio in LPCM which is available only in hdmi. If you have only optical audio to take care of, you will be find with this receiver. But if you are looking at it just because it has "HDMI", beware and read the fine prints.
I purchased this item with the express understanding that it would work "backwards" with my xerox scanner. It does not. After several emails ftp transmissions with tech support and hours on the phone I was able to get it to limp along as a printer server not for scanner - now for the unfortunate part as a printer server, each user has to release the printer they are using for another user to use the printer. I have had much better success sharing printers with pc's on the network and leaving all the pc's on. The product did not fit my needs tech support was weak at best - they were not fluent in english and resorted to written correspondence via email - then because I couldn't get the unit to work as they said it could they gave up on me and stopped responding.
I like the convenience of this especially for travel and at home when you need a quick scan for a receipt or email. It's so easy to use and convenient - the only thing I don't like is that the blank space around or following whatever you scan is black. All my other scanners have white space around it - so the images look different. Not a big deal considering the convenience. Great product - hey - no power cord either - just the scanner and a USB cord - very nice.
Just an excellent deal! The LiON battery lasts for sooooo many pictures, but once it's getting low on power - picture taking is over. Don't miss another shot - it's worth every darn penny - it comes with a plastic carry case to toss it in your pocket - NEVER put it in your pocket with coins or keys without the case!!! The battery terminals are exposed and they are all next to each other - easy to short out and wreck your battery.
Great quality USB keyboard to use with your Notebook PC and a larger external monitor. You can keep your PC closed and shutdown disabled to keep it running while using the external keyboard and monitor. Open box from Amazon was about half price.
Very disappointed with the bazooka. It started to fade in and out and then finally stopped working. Hopfully will have no problems with customer service.
Gift for wife, here is her review..."I LOVED this teapot and tea set. The teas are not only beautiful but taste wonderful. There is a description of each tea flower and the benefits of the ingredients. I would give this as a gift myself."
I have had this for awhile and have not had any problems. I have a camera and some other things plugged into it. It is nice not having to worry about running out of USB connections.
This card is great. I was worried about spending so much money on one card, but wow, it stores so many pictures. We went to Florida for spring break and I just brought this one card and took four hundred pictures and a couple movies. You really don't need another card if you get this one.
The keys are too thin/shallow. There is not enough tilt to the keyboard. The key action didn't feel right to me. One key stuck and I had to pry it up manually.A few keys were loose in the box when I got it, and I had to reconnect them manually.Go with the Microsoft Natural keyboard instead.
If you are lucky enough to have a 2006 Civic Si or beyond that includes the navigation system and the corresponding sound card system, then this is the adapter to get - it works flawlessly.You may spend a little more, but, in the end you'll spend less. Other adapters are known not to work in the Si for some reason. So, get it and move on with life. The sound from the card is incredible. Now, with that said, why Honda chose a PC card is beyond me when a simple USB dongle in the console or glove box would have been 100 times easier.
I am an IT professional who has purchased many hardware items for over 30 years. This may be the most surprising for two reasons:1. The number of good reviews it gets.2. Logitech, generally known for good devices, would brand its name on this unit.Construction - is poor however on par with the price point.Keys - very poor and a cheap feel to them.Range - now here's where it falls flat to the unacceptable level. I contacted Logitech about the range which is only about 4 feet. To my shock and amazement, Logitech states this is the acceptable operating range of this unit. This was confirmed by their own website:[...]Now, if someone needed a max range of only 4 feet, wouldn't a corded model do?Conclusion - Logitech should simply be embarrassed of putting it's name on this one. It tarnishes an otherwise good reputation.
I spoke to an Altec Lansing tech today and he told me a very important thing about them.The speakers had a flaw in powering down the system that made the subs die in about an 8 month periond.If you used ONLY the remote to turn off the system and left the power switch located on the back of the subs on, the subs will still be powered thus shortening their life.In order to keep the subwoofer life you have to:1.) Turn off the power using the remote first.2.) THEN then turn off the power switch on the back the subs.If you do that simple thing, these awesome speakers will last you forever. I hope this helps out everyone!-Chris
I have had this thing for several years and have always used it with the male/male cord with a CD player, DVD player or MP3 player. The cord has never given me a problem. I have never used this with a USB drive plugged into the front. Mine delivers good sound, certainly comparable to the OEM radio, though you usually need to play with the two volume controls, on the player and on the radio, to maximize the sound quality.Through more sparsely populated areas (i.e. not such a crowded FM dial), it works quite well and static is pretty much not an issue.In urban areas, though, where the FM dial is pretty crowded, it tends to encounter more static problems, but even they are usually fairly manageable if you can find one of the 12 pre-set stations to be unused. Usually this is rare and there is some spillover from an adjacent channel. It will simply not be perfect if you are in an urban area. The static will not be constant, mind you, but the type that comes and goes occasionally, depending on what the radio is picking up.Oddly, this gadget works better (clearer sound) when it is plugged into a 3-socket car charger that I have rather than into one of the cigarette lighters themselves. Perhaps it is simply as another reviewer noted, the sound quality depends somewhat on the wiring setup in your vehicle.Overall, it allows me to enjoy my electronics without headphones. It is not perfect, but it works pretty well and has been well worth the small sum I paid for it.
I've had several MP3 players before and recently switched to the iPod. To my suprise, the quality of the music sounded better on the iPod compared to my older players, even though the files were the same. I heard subtle sounds in the music whereas before I hadn't. I'm not an expert with MP3 encoding, but I assume the iPods decoding algorithms are superior to the other players I've owned.I once dropped my iPod while listening to music (it hit the ground hard) but the music never skipped a beat!The iPod also act as your PDA. It has native support MS Outlook "vCard" files, so you can have your contact information on your iPod. You can also add notes and calendar items. Third-party software that helps manage this are Pod2Go and iPodSync. Amazingly, you can get RSS newsfeeds on your iPod as well!The previous generation of iPod players had short battery problems. Thankfully, that problem has been eliminated with the 4th generation. I use the iPod quite a lot each day, and only have to charge ever other day.There are a lot of gadgets available for the iPod. I think one of the most useful one is the Belkin Digital Camera Link that turns your iPod into storage space for your digital photos. This allows you to move your pictures off camera onto iPod's hard drive via USB cable. Great if you're traveling and taking a lot of photos!The iPod is a bit pricier than the competition. But then again, there is a lot of third-party support for it compared to the competition. Companies like Bose and JBL have portable speakers specifically built for iPods. The competition can only dream of getting support like that!I absolutely love my iPod. I think I'm getting "attached" to it. That's how great it is. Highly recommended!
These are pretty nice, much easier to use than floppies or CDs. However, this flash drive "feels" cheap. It is very light and feels like it might break. Actually, it did break. My wife accidently hit hers when it was on the back of the laptop sticking out. It bent the metal part that goes into the USB port. It still works if you hold it just right, but I am concerned with how easily it bent. I bought the 1GB for myself and it is the same quality. If you are careful with it then you should be fine. Just watch out if you are using it in a laptop.
I am impressed by this product. I get an even light and it really helps in my pictures. I used it throughout a graduation photo shoot. Worked great!
The guys at Lowepro really know what they're doing. They've put a lot of thought into a simple little case like the 1S. For sure, it's not your average lens case. Here's some of the highlights listed with my comments:1) OverLap zipper guards - When you unzip the case to open the case, you'll see a large overlapping foam flap next to the zipper. The designer's idea was to keep the line of the zipper away from the interior of the bag, and instead next to this overlap, thereby further protecting the lens inside from dusts, dirt, etc.2) Reinforced SlipLock - One of the most thoughtful features of LowePro cases, designed for any other LowePro bags with SlipLock ability. This is a wide, reinforced flap with double sided velcro locks, making the attachment to another bag /belt very, very secure. Yet it's very easy to remove when needed. This works well with the LowePro Street and Field belt.3) Built-in lens cap pocket - Right under the top flap is a mesh to hold your lens cap. With the OverLap zipper, it makes it a tight squeeze to get your lens cap into there, but still it's nice to have this feature.4) Shock-absorbing open and closed cell foam and padded base5) Tough, water-resistant outer fabricFits: Short, wide lenses including 28-90mm f/4 zoom, 60mm f/2.8 micro and 28.mm f/2.8 (all without hoods).Inner dimensions: 3D x 3.5H in.Overall, this is a very a well designed bag. You'll get your money's worth.
Buying a new laptop or desktop? Save the bucks for a zipdisk option, and carry your data from machine to machine in a Cruzer. I've transfered Gigs with nary a hitch. However, I keep the small USB cord connected permanently, and I don't work the plastic slide in the body of the Cruzer, which looks like it could wear and fail early, perhaps explaining some of the complaints registered here. Other than that, I just throw the Cruzer in my briefcase and roll, and it has performed as well as anyone could want.
We ordered this phone for our business this week and got it shipped quick for an important legal meeting today. We have only used it once for this meeting, but it worked great! We were in a VERY large room and had 17 people sitting as far as 20 feet from the phone. The meeting lasted well over 3 hours and everyone spoke from their part in the room. The person on the phone sounded like he was right in the room with us and some people in the room spoke pretty softly and there was never a complaint of "I can't hear you". It really saved us today and made us look even more professional.
The cable is well made and feels like it's wrapped in heavy duty rubber. It makes my computer set up less spaghetti-like by integrating all the main I/O's into one thick cable. Very good quality.
I am very impressed with the function of this iPod. I would highly recommend it to people who are thinking about buying a new iPod, although I would recommend the 80GB for those who love to watch and download movies through iTunes. I couldn't ask for more in a $250 iPod, although the price of the charger was kind of steep. Keep up the great work Apple!!
A fervent music fan (opera, orchestral, Broadway, big band, jazz), I never thought I'd see the day when I'd listen to most of my music on the computer, but that day recently arrived.So, I decided it was time to think beyond the lackluster speakers embedded in my monitor, and I shopped around. Having previously bought the Logitech iPod charger/player, which I found surprisingly good, I was predisposed to the brand. Still, I was unsure about getting these speakers after reading some of the less-positive reviews on this page.I'm glad to say my fears proved unfounded. You just can't beat the sound of these for the price. They are perhaps just a tiny bit short on both the high and low ends of the sound spectrum, but other than that nit, they provide very satisfying sound. I haven't regretted my purchase for one minute.
This is a great bag for a small camcorder. I bought this for my Samsung camcorder, and I love it. The only problem that I had was fitting all of the cables and the little remote that comes with the camera. It is not the bags fault though, the pockets are a little smaller than I would like them to be but I don't NEED them. I really only need it to carry the camera, the charger, and the USB cable. I couldn't fit the HDMI cable in there because it is a little longer than normal HDMI cables. This is a great quality bag and it doesn't feel cheap. If you are looking for a simple camcorder bag to take with for travel ease, this is the bag to go with. I'm glad I did!
This backpack was exactly what I was looking for. I have a laptop with an 18.1 inch screen and could not find a decent backpack for under $100. Other places had them but I didn't like them at all, it was even hard to find in google. I am very glad that Amazon had it so I took a risk and purchase it because it said it only supported up to a 17 inch screen. Once I got it I loved how it felt, how the zippers worked, and even how it looked. I use this bag everyday and have not had any problems with it. It holds my laptop comfortably and I couldn't be happier, plus the price was great. If you need a bag for an 18"+ laptop, this is the one to get.
I had a very old version of this unit (in computer years, that is) that was purchased about 6-7 years ago at a retail store. It worked fine until just recently (August 2012) when the power supply died. I am going to get another one.Also no matter what others say, the drives are easy to install.
I have the same problem many people have. When using the noise canceling feature there is a squealing in the left ear. This ruins the headphones. An email to Sony yielded no response.
We bought an IOGear 2-port USB KVM that locked up all the time so we returned it for a Belkin Flip USB KVM.The Belkin FLIP has some nice features. It uses a small, unobtrusive round pushbutton switch to switch between computers. The main unit can be hidden behind the desk so clutter is kept to a minimum.Hooking it up is a snap. Power the computers off, connect the monitor, keyboard and USB cables to the well marked ports on the main unit. Two flexible, captive cable bundles on the main unit connect to each of the two computers. The unit also has connections for audio which I did not use.Power up the two computers and voila, at the push of the button you can switch between them. At least in theory.In practice it's a little frustrating. The remote switch has to be jammed into it's connector REALLY HARD to make the connection. If the LED isn't lit on the remote button it won't work.Then, you have to be really patient. It takes about 10 seconds before the mouse and keyboard start working at power up or whenever a switch between machines is made.There have been a number of problems operating two Dell Optiplex desktop computers running Windows XP with this KVM switch. Once, the video froze on one of the computers with a Windows "setting system settings" type of message that occurs only during boot. I had to reboot the machine to regain control. Another problem was encountered when switching where a display diagnostic appeared instead of the Windows desktop. Again, reboot required. Periodically XP will pop up a balloon warning about a Human Interface Device failure. In general this KVM gave me no confidence that when I switch things would actually work correctly. That lack of confidence, coupled with a long delay after switching, means that I will be returning this KVM to the store.Does ANYONE make a decent USB KVM switch?
I bought my very first Macintosh (the 20" iMac Intel Core Duo) back in 01/2006. It's more than one year ago, and I still love my iMac purchase. Everything is in one unit, and everything I need comes pre-installed and WORKS (how about that)!I'm a UNIX system admin by day, and computer junkie the rest of the time. I got sick of Windows having to be re-installed every couple months because of the cookies, spyware, and other junk that finds its way to your Windows computer. Not with a Mac. Although this could change tomorrow, you won't find viruses (to date, only 1 Mac virus has ever made it to mainstream).Being a Windows user for about 15 years, and a DOS user for about 10 years before that, I wasn't sure how I would adjust to the Macintosh. After all, with all that GUI, is it really good for a "power user"? I'm here to tell you emphatically YES!!! You will still occasionally have an application crash, and the system can still hang every now and then, but it's about 10% of what I experience on Windows boxes.If you are a power user, I do recommend a Mac, but I DO NOT recommend buying the extra .Mac subscription. You will be able to Google every Mac question you have on the Internet. Instead, buy as big a monitor and hard drive as you can afford. You will fall in love with how everything works together. iTunes collects photos for your iPod from iPhoto. iMovie will read photos from iPhoto and music from iTunes. There's even a Google Picasa plug-in for iPhoto. This iLife software also comes FREE with the computer, although I mainly use iTunes, iPhoto, and recently iMovie. There are other iLife programs that are very good too; I just don't use them. Quicken also came for free on my computer.And if you loved the days of DOS when a software program was a single .exe file, you'll also love that Mac software programs are a single .app file. No Windows Registry either. There is only one software program that I know that has violated this philosophy on the Mac, and I bet you'll guess who -- that's right, it's Microsoft Office. God love them for breaking a program up into a billion different pieces.Also, Macintosh hardware is top-notch. You won't find cheap plastic parts, flimsy latches, or monitors that bleed colors together. Macs cost about 20% more than other commodity computer hardware -- but that's because you are buying the best hardware on the microcomputer market.What makes Macs even more appealing is that you can run MacOS AND Windows. Apple created another free product called Boot Camp. It's like Partition Magic, but it allows you to run Windows and MacOS in completely separate partitions. You don't have to worry about your Windows partition bleeding viruses into your MacOS partition either, if you choose not to let the partitions see each other. You can run other virtualization products that allow you to run Windows programs in your MacOS (like Parallels), but I don't recommend this, as it will allow Windows viruses to infect your precious MacOS -- this is the precise reason I defected from Windows at home.I could write pages and pages of why I love my Mac, but I'll try to wrap this up with just a few final comments. If you are deep enough into researching Macs, such that you are reading all these Mac comments on Amazon, you are ready for your first Mac. Take the plung. Free yourself. You don't have to work so hard on your home machine. Macs are made for your home and small business.And one last note: To this date (knock on wood), I have never had the need to, nor ever thought about, re-installing my Mac operating system. It just keeps working. (And I don't have to defrag!)
Just the first time, I used it, the signal was little bit noisy (even with the adjustemnts), but then I pluged it out for the nigth, next morning I pluged in again and it symply never worked again.
I have 2 DYMO Letra Tag Label makers and in general I like them. I use the plastic tape to label my spice jars. While the print holds up to the frequent handling, the labels don't stay stuck to the glass bottles. No matter how carefully I clean the jars before applying the label they start peeling from one end or the other (and sometimes both).They also don't like to stick to the plastic caps.I am disappointed with this product, but haven't found anything better.BTW - The metallic tape was no better.
I was looking for a pair of decent over ear headphones to use with a portable dvd/cd player. I travel quite a bit and did not want to spend a tremendous amount of money but still wanted good quality and some degree of portabililty. Thesse fit the bill. The sound is far superior to any ear buds I have tried and other headphones in the under fifty dollar range. The sound was good and crisp. The leather ear phones are very comfortable and superb at blocking ambient noise. I have used them with both music and meditation cds and have been satisfied. They come with a striaght plug and a jack adaptor.My sole complaint was with the band itself. Although some might disagree, I do not have a fat head. My skull is a normal size. The band itself is just a tad too loose and feels like it is going to slip. It also seems heavy. However, this one shortcoming does not outweigh the many positives. Recommended.
I've had this radio for several months and am still using the original set of batteries. It tunes in local and distant stations well. Until I bought this radio, I could not listen to any AM radio while working at the computer. If you move the radio around at the correct angle you can get a decent signal where other radios would give you nothing but buzz. This radio can be loud for it's size and it actually has some bass response. The tuning friction is just right. The only downside is that it is kind of thick but if you're looking for a radio to carry around from room to room or to use in a noisy environment, buy this one and you'll love it.
This is the only card reader that I have found so far that reads my "XD picture card". I bought two other multi-card readers, but neither of those would recognize the type M or type H XD Card. This is compact, and works perfectly every time. I'd highly recommend this one if you're having problems finding a card reader that reads the type M or type H XD Card. You can't go wrong for the price.
Kudos: Small form factor, comfortable, picks up signal well in heavy cover. PC version of Training Center is pretty decent. Works for running as well as cycling. Pretty accurate - only ever had ONE reading that made me go "HUH?". Does what it's supposed to, somewhat user-friendly.Complaints: Takes forever to lock on to satellites when first fired up. Pain in the *** to get it to switch between different sports - running and cycling. I've had it put sports in the wrong folder in TC. Sequence of info screens is a little awkward. No way to UNpair with a cadence unit or chest strap.The Mac version of Training Center is LAME. Kind of annoying to have to "zero" info out of the screen if you haven't downloaded data between workouts - I mean, wouldn't you think it would be smart enough to know that TODAY'S workout isn't part of YESTERDAY'S workout, especially given that I've SHUT THE UNIT OFF between workouts?Garmin customer service isn't too bad. I had issues with my first Edge 305 and called them. Yes, it took forever to get through (that's what they make speakerphones for), but once I got a human, they took care of me quickly. Had a second Edge 305 that I crashed my bike and broke the LCD. Went to their website and sent CS an email - and got back a very generic response: "Maybe we can remotely troubleshoot the unit and you won't have to send it in!" (Well gee, the screen is cracked and all psychedelic looking if you can "remotely troubleshoot" that, I'll be very, very impressed!) After a few more emails, they took care of the problem.
I purchased 3 of these for christmas presents for the 3 teenagers in my home. The cameras were very well received. The kids LOVED them and recorded and took photos of everything under the sun! They had a B-L-A-S-T with these! However, before a year was up, the door that holds the batteries in the camera broke on every single one of them (I purchased 3 -- that's over $300 down the tubes), even on the "mild child". Too bad the construction wasn't better :o/
Bought this for my Samsung SGH-D900 Black Carbon phone which did not accept the card (it only uses microSD up to 1GB only) so I plugged the microSD into the SD adapter and now use it like a 2GB SD card for my iPaq pocket PC. Reads and writes satisfactorily.
Easy set up, worked great, for a little while. After a very short period, it just stopped working. Maybe it was just the one I bought, but I was very unhappy, especially since a fight ensued about who was going to replace it(Still unresolved)An update: After several months of arguing about whether the failure was software or a hardware issue, Microsoft finally agreed to replace the adapter. Of course I had already bought another from a different company, and they wouldn't simply refund the purchase price. The one I have works fine, so I haven't installed the replacement adapter and can't say if it works any better.
If you like to run or workout, this player is AWESOME! As other reviewers have expressed, it's so light that you can barely feel it on and you don't have anything dangling on your arm. 1GB for me is more than enough, but this may be a negative for some else.Ok, so my biggest complaint is the awful battery and it's a battery charged through USB. I much would have preferred 2 AA batteries, it's more convenient....you only get about 3 o 4 hours on each charge.One last complaint, the interchangeable faceplates are ridiculously expensive! C'mon Samsung, this little MP3 is expensive enough don't be greedy!Other than that, the sound is awesome, the earbuds are a litte uncomfortable on the ear but on the whole they are good.I'd definitely recommend this mp3 player, there was no way I was going to buy an Ipod just to look cool!
Between my bandmate and I we have owned 3 pairs of these headphones over the last 4 years, and each one has had the exact same problem...that being the plastic breaking on one of the ear pieces and rendering them unwearable (unless you want to break out a lot of scotch tape). Other than that fundamental problem these headphones are decent, with good (although a bit overly bassy) sound for the price...but the cheap/shoddy production is enough to render any good qualities they have moot. I won't be going back for my 4th pair.
Works great on windows 2000. took me few days to actually get the driver from the epson web site. but when I installed it. i have to complains, easy to use. and fast.
This c6180 HP all in one printer has been a problem from day one. The warm-up cycles it goes through is ridiculous. Print quality is mediocre. It shakes and wobbles so much it almost knocks itself off the the stand I have it on. The only reason why I haven't thrown away this piece of junk is because I use it as a fax here and there. Other than that, it was an expensive miscalculated buy on my part. I didn't do my research and ended up buying it. I am absolutely done with the HP brand. In fact, at work we're looking to buy a laser printer and we are buying a Brother. I told everybody how horrendous this printer was. HP has gone downhill.....never again for me. This printer was my last HP buy, I even refuse to buy HP paper anymore, I'm that upset that such a so called "reputable" brand would have the guts to put out on the market such a piece of junk!!! What fraud!!!
Since I bought this cd-rw, I had no problems at all. copies cd's real fast. writes audio and everything else with no problems. and I really like the speed. faster then what I use at work. I don't think you can find better price
This is the only universal mount I found that would fit the wide spacing of the mounting screw holes on my projector. I already owned the chief bracket that fixes to the ceiling... and I had spent money for the custom adapter places with each projector I owned. Finally, I decided to try out this universal adapter when my new projector didn't have a corresponding custom plate. I should have made this decision long ago! The end result is as solid as any single custom plate adapter, and now I won't have to buy any new mounting hardware the next time I change projectors. Marvelous. There's absolutely no compromise with the function, fit, or finish of this well crafted mounting bracket.
I bought these for my son to play online BF2142 . The first time he tried them he immediately took them off, looked around the room and asked me "Did you here that?" The sound is so awesome that he can actually tell which direction the other guys are coming from. He tells his team mateswhich way to go and where the opponents are approaching from. His score improved so much that he is constantly being accused of cheating. It's almost not fair. Honestly, I don't think you can find anything better than these.
I have a quad core Intel chip, and the CNPS7000 fan just can't keep up with the processor. During summer days, my computer will crash after extended, heavy use. If you have a Socket 775 processor that produces a significant amount of heat, I would strongly recommend buying a new heatsink/fan rather than trying to use existing fans made for cooler processors.
The first thing I noticed when I plugged these babies into my Ipod is an expanded and richer bass. The sound is very warm, and there's no noticeable distortion throughout the full range. These headphones are also very responsive - I found myself turning the volume on my Ipod lower than my normal setting. Vocals and instruments are clean.I personally hate earbud headphones, and think jamming a sound source into your aural canal is probably not healthy. If you want great sound you could plug a clunky set of studio cans weighing 3X more than your Ipod in and lug them around - no thanks. These headphones are lightweight, collapsible, and come with a carrying case you'll actually use.I also use them when listening to audio on my computer. I edit video on my laptop, and these are a perfect part of my portable studio.The only caveat is that the open design means that everyone around you gets to listen to your music too. These headphones "broadcast" more than closed designs. Just be courteous and don't turn your music up to eardrum damaging levels.
Sangean receivers used to be considered to have a "hot front-end" by ham radio enthusiasts, and holding a General Class license, I expected great things from this radio. This receiver is pretty poor and my $10 clock radio does much better! I have trouble pulling in AM stations that are 5 miles away!! Menus are convoluted and too complicated. Sound is very good when you finally can pull in an FM HD station. Worst part is the digital clock loses about one whole minute per week, so it is 10 minutes off at the end of a couple months and then I have to reset it. Very aggravating. A digital clock ought to be more accurate than that! You almost lose an hour per year!! Maybe this is Sangean's way of saving us from adjusting our clocks one-hour for daylight saving! For $250, this radio is just not worth it. I would return it if I had not purchased it with gift certificates so the cost was much less for me, personally. A fellow office worker has the Boston Accoustics HD radio and it is much better...not nearly as pretty to look at, but much easier to use, the clock is accurate and it even sounds a little better. Take a pass on this radio unless someone practically gives it to you, as in my case.UPDATE:Sangean has fixed some bugs and I sent mine in for warranty repair and now it keeps good time and pulls in stations better. Still, whenever there is the slightest power outage, it loses time AND memory presets for stations and the menus remain convoluted. It also has a very slight, low volume AC hum that can be heard when the power is turned off. I continue to love the sound of a HD radio station emanating from this radio, and this unit is attractive, yet it's overpriced and needs improvement. Boston Acoustics still looks like the better deal, and if you don't want HD, try looking at the Tivoli table radios.
I use this wipe for use with my laptop. I have read bad reviews on other screen wipes and this is no different, don't be fooled by the lack of bad reviews. It wipes off dirt, lint, air particulate quite handily (so does alcohol and a kleenex), however it leaves streaks that last even after it has "dried". Very frustrating!
I purchased this for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it! It receives FM radio and has a built-in microphone for voice recording, which the Nano does not have, and it has an SD memory card expansion slot, which I also think the Nano lacks. Loading music is no problem and the unit is recognized the same way as a flash drive, but putting videos and DVD movies onto the device takes some savvy know-how and not for the faint-hearted or non-technical person. Still, there are lots of instructional videos out there (YouTube, etc.) to help you. Screen is very sharp and clear and the controls are ergonomic and smooth. Glossy black case is quite attractive. If you decide to protect it with a silicon case, be sure and get the clear one, because I bought the black one and it does not allow some lighted indicator icons on the front to shine through (they are next to the control wheel), but you pretty much get used to where they are and what they do so it may not be a problem after you are used to the unit. The extra features and expandable memory make this a real Nano-Killer. This model is a big improvement over the previous Sansa models (larger screen and better controls).
This leather case is a great fit, looks classy and is made by Nikon. Excellent value and terrific look. My fiance loves it because it fits so closely that it still doesn't take up a lot of room in her purse. There isn't any extra space for batteries, memory cards, etc., but that would defeat the purpose of the compact design of the CoolPix camera. You can't go wrong with this case....I'm picky and it is just perfect.
Don't get this card if you are buying it for its "range" capabilities. I paired this with it's rangemax router and it wouldnt even pick up the network. Both my centrino chipset AND ancient d-link 802.11b usb adapter pick up that same network.The router is decent but I am VERY disappointed with the failure to live up the claims on the box. 3.5 year old hardware shouldnt be able to beat the paired "rangemax" combo.The router is decent. Although the router gets "weak" signal according to the d-link utility, it is very quick with internet whereas other networks with the same signal strength are not as good. I can't really recommend a good range-specific combo for high data rates, I can just tell you to stay away from this.PS I tried a linksys range extender and it couldn't pick the network up either. I would skip that solution too.
I've owned this for over a year and it's been my main printer/copier for a small business. I usually use it in draft mode as it is very fast (maybe 10ppm?) and the quality is good enough most of the time. Regular mode is too slow for my patience, maybe 2-3 ppm.I've been very pleased. The cartridges are really cheap and it has been completely reliable. It doesn't take up much desk room and it is overall just a &quot;neat&quot; shape. There is a very nice feature where it allows you to see exactly what is going to the printer before sending it (a more &quot;true&quot; preview than what the text processing tools provide.) I always have this on so I don't print extra blank pages at the end, etc. Another neat thing is doing 2-up or 4-up printouts if I want to condense a boring document with large text size.I'm thinking of buying a second for home. My only hesitation is that it won't run under RedHat Linux. My Linux box won't even boot if it sees the Canon on the USB port.
We've used this at our small business office since November.I don't think I've ever hated a printer as much.Although it is pricey, it is way slow. Maybe 40s per page and 10-20s to turn over the page to print the other side. You read that right - if we get more than a page a minute out we are doing good. The only way to get acceptable speed is to go to draft mode and turn off double sided printing. Not what you expect in a $300 printer.The other thing we hate about it is that the cartridges are now coded so that remanufactured cartridges won't work. (It works by expiration date - a cartridge old enough to have been used up and re-filled gets rejected by the printer. I wonder what happens if you are unfortunate enough to buy a new cartridge that has been stockpiled somewhere.)Overall, I have to believe there are better choices. Of our three printers, I only use this one when I really want double-sided.
See my detailed review under cms 80gbabsplus - there is some fine print that needs to be understood or you will be disappointed... and you won't know until you try to recover.
I've bought a couple of dozen of these over the years - nothing fancy about it, just a mouse that works reliably and fits well in the hand.
I don't give 5 stars lightly, but this case is incredible. Just the right size with the ability to quickly access your camera.Has enough space to carry most accessories, and is very well designed.Great bag.
Actually, my expectations were a little low, this performed better than I thought it would. I upgraded my whole theater with new speakers and amps, but I haven't gotten a reciever yet. Currently I am using the analog outs on my HTPC straight to the amps. I got some really good amps for my Center and L/R speakers, but I didn't want to spend much on the amp for the rears because I do plan to get a new receiver soon that will run the rears. So I just needed a cheap temporary amp for the rears. My rear speakers can handle up to 100 watts so they are a little underpowered with this amp, I actually have the amp volume set to 95% all the time and it still doesn't sound loud enough all the time. Still, the audio is clear and I haven't noticed any clipping from the amp. It actually sounds better than I expected. When I get a new reciever, I plan to use this little amp to power some outdoor patio speakers.
I use this to power my Cerwin Vega VE-15 3-way 15 inch speakers. This is 800 watts (8ohm) of raw, ceiling-colapsing power. I can never go past 20% volume in my theater room or the walls will start cracking. But with this pairing, even at ear-bleeding levels, everything is clear and precise. I'm using rca connected from my htpc analog outs and it sounds absolutely perfect to me....my only concern is that everytime I turn it on, my UPS backup clicks on for ten seconds because it seems my home wiring can't handle the initial power draw! I'm going to have a dedicated circuit put in soon...
After owning these speakers for a couple months, I went to the local metal club to see my favorite band play. It sounded like crap compared to these Cerwin Vegas. I always thought it sounded awesome there, but now I know just how good music can sound. I paired two of these with the Cerwin Vega 800 watt pro amplifier. I can never turn the volume past 20% because pictures will start falling off walls. But it's not just the volume of these, it's the CLARITY at high volume. At ear-bleeding levels, every high note and drum beat is crystal clear, precise, clean. I also used these for my wedding and everyone commented on how nice they sound. These are great for all types of music, but they really shine with rock and metal. It's nice to get some double bass with no distortion!These also pull double duty as my front speakers for the home theater (I use the analog outs on my HTPC straight to amplifiers, I have no reciever). Yes, they are serious overkill for front speakers in a 20'x20' room, but I wanted to make sure my music sounded the best it could. I have to constantly tweak the volume though, because in many movies the L/R channels coming through these 15" speakers can drown out the rest of the movie... I also got the Cerwin Vega VE series center channel, which is fantastic (using a Dayton Audio 150 amplifier), and the VE series bookshelf speakers for the surrounds (using an Audiosource amp), which are pretty good too -- I mostly wanted the speakers voice matched, and all the VE speakers use the same tweeter. (I also use two Dayton 12" subs... which was not the best choice since the woofers in the CV 15's are noticeably better!)
Nice player except the microSD card fails to be recognized anymore. The problem isn't the card (I've tried several), it IS the Player. The disappointing machine just fails to recognize that it even has a card slot. The expansion card slot is meaningless. And what with an appalling 90-DAY WARRANTY, you can see Sansa has little faith in their own products. It is really to be looked at as disposable. Get it really, REALLY cheap, or get something else. The rest of the machine operates fine and it pretty reasonably intuitive. But....but, the expansion card issue is a massive, strange failure. I wouldn't recommend this (or perhaps any SanDisk product. This just SHOULD NOT happen.
I've had this for quite some time so this review is overdue but well-considered. Canon products aren't what the once were. The auto-focus struggles with alarming frequency. The display is minute and of poor resolution. The manual adjustments are somewhat non-intuitive. The build quality is a bit weak and questionably arranged. All things considered (after several years' consideration), I should have gotten the comparable Nikon.
if you're reading this then you want it.it's as good as everyone says it it.quick. fast. bulky but comfortable.but more importantly motivating and essential to track your training.
This is, for the sub-$200 market, a great laser printer. It's fast, text is readable to at least six point font, and graphics are acceptable. It's also small, although a bit noisy.Please, keep in mind that this printer isn't meant for large businesses, or anything like that. It doesn't really handle A4 or legal sized paper that well, but then, most people don't print to that size of paper. The ink will run you around sixty for a cartridge that prints, in real world use, around 1500-2000 pages. That's not bad--many inkjets, a cartridge that does 200 or so pages will run ten to twenty. You do the math.If you print around 100-300 sheets a month of black and white, this is a great printer to handle it. For college students (me!) who have to print lots of papers, it's great.I've never had problems with pages curling as some reviewers noted; but then, I use laser printer paper. It cost maybe 30 cents extra for a 500 sheet ream (which last me almost 2 months).Seriously, if you do a decent but not huge volume of text printing, this is a great machine.
I was using this and without any real difference the USB connection to the device DIED. Tried two different computers, battery remove and replace, etc. Seems Olympus is putting out crap nowadays. Technically the thing still works, but with a failed connection to the computer, it's useless to me. JUNK. I've seen a few one star reviews where the unit just died on them, or partially stopped working. That's usually static causing failures after a few months. GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!
I am looking for a good MP3 jukebox for my kid for Xmas. This is not a good one. The litium batter is integrated into the box and can't be changed by the user so the unit is considered disposable. This is a huge engineering error on the part of Apple. Don't buy it. Many other makers such as Gateway, Dell, iRiver, etc that offer 20GB systems for the same price with 16 hours of play time, full color LCDs, photo capability, FM tuners and recording, and of course user replacable batteries. Don't believe it? Download the PDF manual here and search for "battery" and discover for yourself. Hope I saved you some trouble.
I had an extra 10gb hard drive sitting on my self and didnt want to throw it away. So with a little research i came across this enclosure from Macally. Installation was very quick, roughly 5 minutes, (depending on your skills with a screwdriver) plug in the two cables onto the back of the hard-drive, screw the HD onto the frame of case, screw the metal cover, and you are good to go.The enclosure come with a small fan, which is very quiet. I also have a LaCie brand of external firwire HD and the Macally casing is much quieter than that.I did testing on transfering 2-3gb of data, as I had just returned a cheaper enclosure. And the Macally enclosure did not freeze up as the other CompUSA brand of case did (with the same HD in it)So if you have an extra HD u recently took out of your comp, have firewire, and dont know what to do with it, this case is definately a good puchase. I needed a small quiet reliable case and this has worked for me flawlessly for me. Maybe later when i upgrade my comps's HD again i'll replace the HD i currently have on this Macally case. good luck--that was my review in OCT 2002, it is now August 2003 and this little case has not failed me since. I have done some major transfering in that time. more than 8 gig's at a time and the case has not failed yet.
I'm not beholden to the SanDisk brand, and did quite a bit of research, and the overall reviews tend to point to this product as a great value. In fact, the "Ultra II" title does live up to its name, and am very happy with the performance of this product. Canon 350D takes 3 frames per second in a continuous shooting mode, and this card had no problem keeping up with the pace, even at the highest resolution. Download is speedy, too.I went for two 512MB cards instead of a single 1GB card, for redundancy (keep one in the camera and process the other on a computer), and for extra insurance if one card fails for some reason.Highly recommended.
I have owned a few expensive video cameras and they break far to easy. Just too many potential points of failure with all the mechanical moving parts such as tape reels, rubber belts, gears, bearings, springs, etc. This camera has no moving parts at all. Everything stores on SD/MMC memory and you can use up to 2 GB to get 5 hours of video time! Amazing. Quality is good for home videos... your own UTube or Ebaum's World submission... attach to e-mails, play over TVs with included composite video line, save to your hard disk or edit short takes and string them into a movie. Great low light sensitivity, USB connection, single frame capture (photos)... very easy operation (great for old folks and non-techies too). Very capable and worth every dime. Buy one before the word gets out and there are none left!!!
Product works great, the price was reasonable and shipped very timely. I will probably be buying more. I was in need of a short digital optical cable. I didn't want alot of excess length.
Sound quality is great, through the mids lows and highs. There is perhaps a touch too much bass at default (something logitech seems to consistently do) but you can get around it by lowering the bass setting on your controls.This is an amazing value for the price, easily the best bang for the buck in 2.1 speakers. They have great quality, and at the volume I listen at, no distortion. This holds for games (COD4, WoW, Left 4 Dead), and music (I listen to most types, while favoring country, classic rock and classical). It handles Robert Earl Keen and Rachmaninoff equally well. The only complaints I have are minor: I do not like hardwired cables where I can't change thier length, and I'd rather the subwoofer be a bit smaller since it's honking HUGE. They really don't need as much bass as it can put out, and I'd like for it not to take up as much space as my personal laser printer. Other than that they're great though.
I had already some experience with Electroline. I purchased an amplified splitter from them in the past that was for cable. I no longer needed the return signal boosted as I switched over two years ago to strictly antenna use. It works great. An extremely high quality item.
The SanDisk 256 CF card is a good card, I have not lost any images or had any sort of problems with this card in the 8 months I've had it. (in chicago weather too, humid summers and bitter winters)I have a Canon Elph 2MP camera and with this card I can store 500-600 images. I didn't notice any slow down in shooting pics even with the card 75% full. It does slow down when reviewing your images on the lcd screen.But in 8 months I've owned this card I have not lost a single image, so I would not be afraid to purchase another card. cheers-
This is the 3rd different transmitter I have tried so far and for the past six months it has worked very well. I have only had to use two or three stations while travelling all over the Northeast, as it has done a good job of overpowering weaker FM signals. The only two drawbacks I have is that if you are listening to something that is very low (such as certain parts in soundtracks or classical pieces), it sometimes loses the connection and shuts off. That can usually be fixed by turning up the volumn on the iPod itself, but that drains battery life and decreases the quality of the sound. The other drawback is that it does not charge the iPod while playing, which can make conserving battery life tough on the long trips.
The Sennheiser PX200's are a good pair of headphones for portable devices, I got this for listening to my Ipod and for work. I'm in front of a computer for 9-10 hrs per day and wanted a simple headphone that's easily transportable and sounded crisp. This is my first "name" brand so the sound is ALOT sharper and crisper than the 20 dollar Sony earplugs I've been listening to. There is decent bass and the treble is tight and sharp. I read some of reviews online and narrowed it down to the Grado 60 and the PX200 /PX100. I purchased the PX200 because of the transportability, although the Grado's were reviewed for better sound.These are very light and comfortable, which was a big factor for my decision. You do have to give these a couple of days of "breaking" in or straight lsitening to get a better sound. At first listen you will be somewhat mad at how they sound, but I have heard most pricey headphones do sound better after a few days.If you decide to move up into a higher priced headphone do be aware there is a leveling off of headphone sound quality - to - your audio equipment. My Ipod sounds good as well as my computer but I am not an audiophile by any means so I do not need a very high end pair of cans. So if you are a casual listener, stick with the entry level Sennheisers and Grados and it will be a fit for your equipment.-note-I got the PX200's thinking they would sound better than the PX100's but have seen better reviews online (headroom.com and headfi.org) two great sites.I am very happy with my purchase tho. cheers.
I bought this as a gift for my father and he liked it very much. He says it works good.
The reception is remarkable and the sound is very audible and clear. Great little radio for the price.
This is quite simply the best PSU I've ever bought. Its voltages are within closer tolerances to specs than any other I've tried, even under load. It can supply 50A on 3x 12v rails which easily supports multi-GPU installations. And it's so quiet. Only if all the other fans are off can I hear this unit's fan. Its construction is very sturdy.One really neat feature is the fact that one only inserts the power cables one actually needs. So instead of having a huge harness of unused wires as is usually the case, I just have the wires I use. That makes for better air circulation and a neater box.
this camera replaced my Canon sd800. Canon had the worst video sound ever. It could not handle high volume sounds from concerts. It was very dissapointing. And the indoor shots produced too much noise.So now T50 arrives. What a beauty, both from outside and inside.takes very sharp pictures under most light conditions. Supersteady shot seems to be working better that Canon. High Iso mode has less noise than Canon SD800. The videos have perfect sound quality.The touch screen is so easy to use and classy.The battery life is outstanding together with the battery remaining indicator. Canons do not have this indicator for some reason.I would recommend this camera strongly to any P&S; fanatics. get the black one by the way ;)
They crackled and peeled after the first washing. Very poor product. Only good for one time wear-iron-on shirts. Very disappointed.
Well - when my PS3 component cable started messing up (cheap chinese crap) - I figured I might as well free up the slot & put DVI into use - picture is good & you can use existing PS3 cable for audio.Just remember to restart your PS3 after you hookup this cable - as it requires reconfig
The value rating is 5 stars hands down.I am the type (used to be anyhow) who always wanted the best and most expensive of whatever it was I wanted. I figured this way I would have all the latest and greatest features and capabilities whether I knew what the heck I was doing or not. I seriously considered laying out some serious cash for a very expensive high-end set of binoculars (and still might), but after reading several reviews about this set, I decided to buy them to see what I was in for.For the price, it's a steal (again for value..5 stars). I am not sure how much better a pair of bino's that are 5x more expensive will be, and what will I get for that extra money? The beauty of these is that although they are not dirt cheap, they are not so expensive that I have to be overly protective of them as to where and when I use them.I have a 10" Dobson and some of the views can be breath taking, e.g. Jupiter and its moons. The difference is I use the bino's constantly and the Dobson once a month maybe...and maybe not.I will take them everywhere I go if I think I will have a chance to use them. I have had a pair of 10 x 50 for years now and used them pretty extensively, but these Skymaster 15x certainly have more power that is immediately noticeable, and the clarity of the lenses have come a long way.Unless you are very, very steady, you will need a tripod or these wonderfil binos may end up being a burden. You may be able to hold steady for awhile, but to really enjoy them for any amount of time, go ahead and get a tripod if you don't have one. Luckily I had an old camera tripod that worked fine, although a sturdier tripod would be even nicer. I had to buy some 1/4" bolts from Walmart to mount them, but no problem.I have not found anything else even close at this price. Makes me think they are about to be discontinued and replaced with a new version, but so what if they are. Great deal and very nice set of binoculars. Very pleased.**UPDATE** May 24, 2010The price is even lower now! I also have a more powerful and more expensive spotting scope, and though it provides greater magnification, the large, bright, and clear view of these bino's still makes them superior for some applications. Even more of a no-brainer at this price. Use the savings to buy a tripod.**UPDATE** July 24, 2010The price has jumped considerably. I paid around $70 for them. Still well worth the price compared to the competition. All the above still applies.**UPDATE** November 26, 2010$49.99 - are you kidding me?! This is one of the best deals on Amazon! This is an excellent set of binos. Not as powerful as my spotting scope, but a much sharper view.
Good receiver--decent sound--the remote is a bit antediluvian, but about a day after the warranty was up the receiver started going into 'protect' mode the moment I would turn it on--shutting itself off before I could adjust anything--apparently a short problem in one or more of the primary amp IC's--commonly reported on the internet. The repair would cost more than half the price i paid for the receiver.
You have just got to try one. I cannot explain why I like this one so much and hate the others. The best I could do is probably 2 words. Functionality and ergonomics. It far exceeds all others in both departments.
I bought the Cavalry hard drive in mid-may 2008.I have never used an external HD in my life. I'm certainly a newbie when it comes to hooking up hardware. I bought this based on the few reviews I read. Originally I was going to get the Seagate brand HD, but it had too many problems. One of which included overheating units.I am currently using the Cavalry to store music and picture files. I use it through my USB hub and it works great. It came pre-formatted, so all I had to do was hook it up and my PC automatically recognized it.It has a nice design being rectangular, so it fits snugly in with my other hardware I have around the computer. It's black with the Cavalry name in white on the side. One thing I love about this hard drive is its bright power light. It has a medium sized bright blue power light on the front end of the unit, so you know when it's plugged in. It's bright enough to light up a dark room, but it is not noticeable during the day or when you have lights on. It has a smaller red light that comes on when moving data to and from the hard drive.Most of the time I forget that it's running. Yes, it is that quiet. The unit always feels tepid cool.The only problem I've had with the hard drive, and I think it's my system or the USB connection, is that when I restart my computer it hangs. Unless I have the hard drive unplugged from the USB hub, my computer won't reboot. Another USB issue is speed, but that's typical for a hard drive of this size. Once you plug it in it takes awhile for Windows to load in the information stored on it.Overall, I give this unit 5 stars. It comes with a company warranty which you need to register for on their homepage. I had to contact customer service once with a newbie question and I received an answer in no time at all. I recommend the Cavalry hard drive for anyone needing additional computer storage that's dependable.
As a former Radar Theory Instructor from the Dark Ages, I have experience with less than stellar receivers and antennas. For most readers The Vanderweide and Edge reviews will provide the most assistance.If you live some distance from stations you desire to hear, then Vanderweide provides helpful info.If you live among a lot of good stations you enjoy then Edge will probably be most helpful.If you can live with readjusting your antenna for those hard to "bring in" stations, then listen carefully to Vanderweide's remarks on repositioning the antenna every time.If you really live a long way from the stations, and can only bring in a few at best -- then consider getting a piece of 1/4 inch plywood, and draw lines on it to show which antenna configuration to use for each station -- when the weather is good. Then move the antenna and use tape to hold it in the optimum position for the station you desire to hear just then. However, you will probably still have to vary the position a bit somewhere along the length of the antenna (hint: make notes to show where you put it when a norther comes in or when a sou'easter blows, etc.) With some practice you should be able to get the hang of repositioning in a "couple of weeks."However, you might prefer to bite the bullet and get a quality mounted antenna which you can remotely reposition for each station.Good luck and good listening!
Besides Taiyo Yuden brand DVD media which are always highly rated. Verbatims are held in high regard. I have tried Sony, Maxell, Memorex, TDK... all of the usual supects and Verbatims is my media of choice. I have gone through two 50 disk spindles and can't recall getting any errors. If you find a good price stock up on these. great buy.
Just like what you're doing now, i spent a good few days reading the reviews and tech specs before purchasing this camera. I've only had it for a few days and i couldn't be happier. In a nutshell, the quality of the camera and pictures are incredible. I am upgrading from a point and shoot canon s400 4.0 mega pixels... and it's night and day.If you're outgrowing your regular digital camaera... this is the perfect transtion. Believe me. You will learn how to utilize some of the easy to use manual features that will take your photography to the next level. Already i've experimnented taking a few pictures in auto mode and then in manual mode and it's mind blowing how significantly better the manual pictures turned out. No more auto for me. I am going to study the features and improve my pictures. That's all i have to say. You can get the tech reviews elsewhere. On a side note, get the original canon carrying case ($30) - it's well worth the money.
I buy these disks because Verbatim makes the best quality disks that I can find. I haven't come across a bad disk, and everything that I've burned has been successfully read without a hitch. I've run into issues with other cheaper disks, where the copy I burned was not completely readable in some of my devices. After reburning onto these disks, anything will read them. To me, it's worth paying a little extra for good quality DVD's!
I noticed that several other reviewers have mentioned problems with the plug and play functionallity of this reader when using windows XP. Well, I have used this on two different computers, both running XP and have had no problem whatsoever. I plug it in, the computer recognizes the reader and its all go from there. I think this is a perfectly good reader, it works well and it is reasonablly priced. Thank you for taking the time to read my little 'ol opinion.
Excellent inkjet printer. Photos are very good. Everything you need for personal or a small business. Multiple ink cartridges save money. Only downfall is that duplex printing does not use the larger black ink cartridge, which is used for letters, but the smaller black ink cartridge used for pictures. Overall an excellent printer, fax, & copier.
This was new in the box when I purchased it and it was junk from the moment it arrived. The disc tray would not open for a day after I purchased it. I had to turn the thing on it's side and hit all the buttons randomly and finally it opened on the second day. It then played for two days OK before having more problems. The disc tray came out half way and now it won't go back in again. Maybe this is a great product and I just got the lemon in the bunch but I guarantee you I will never buy a JVC product again. I took the thing out of circulation and put back my old Kenwood which is more than 15 years old and still works fine. A total waste of $130.
I bought this at Best Buy for ~$50 for an iPOD Video expecting the same performance I got out of the iTrip that plugs into the headset jack. I tested it in the house on the home stereo. It worked great while the transmitter was &lt;1 foot away from the FM antenna. At 2 feet there was noticeable static. Anything over 4 feet away was ALL static. When I returned it to the store the salesman said they had only been selling them for a week and had already gotten almost all of them back on returns for the same problem.Summary: Terrible product!
We have had this answering machine for about 3 months now. We will not have it for a 4th! The recorded message playback is bad and the playback of recorded messages is extremely noisy and garbled. It usually takes 2 or 3 times listening to a message before you can make out all of the words.
I purchased this product for a 20" LCD TV. The location and use required the TV to be able to be turned left, right as well as up and down depending on viewer position. This wall mount works perfectly for my application. It is very well built and when "collapsed" is only ~2" deep. The included mounting hardware was sufficient and held the assembly very well.
I am using this in a mixed environment (Macintos, Unix, Windows, laser printer) and it works great. Very easy to set up, provides me with a firewall, a switch, DHCP, and NAT for security. Great product and very low cost. I had to call their tech support once and the person who helped me was extremely knowledable.One of the best computer products I have purchased.
The first PMDVR8 I owned worked extremely well for about 2 years. After it began to fail, I purchased 2 more. One of the two never worked consistently and failed completely in about a month. The other failed in about 4 months of light use. Even inexpensive remotes should last longer.
Sounds surprisingly better than expected. Seems like they are put together pretty well. Haven't put them up outside, but they seem easy to mount with a secure bracket that can be removed without tools.
After reading many reviews I had my camera choice narrowed between this and the Sony W90. I purchased the W90 and fought with it for 2 weeks before finally returning it and buying the 800IS. Although both cameras are capable of taking excellent pictures in a wide variety of lighting conditions, I found the 800IS to be significantly better with less grain and much better image stabilization.I have taken about 800 pictures with this camera in many lighting conditions. Of course in bright daylight the camera takes excellent pictures in all modes. What really impressed me however, was the quality of pictures in very low light. I took many pictures of a dress rehearsal in very difficult lighting conditions. Every picture came out! The image stabilization worked perfectly even at full zoom.It is extremely easy and quick to change ISO settings which is very handy for changing light conditions.In terms of picture quality, ISOs up to 400 have little or no grain. Pictures taken in ISO 800 and 1600 have noticeable grain, but are very sharp and produced excellent 4x6 prints.Overall I am VERY pleased with this camera and am glad I didn't settle for the picture quality of the W90.UPDATE: June 10, 2007 I took this camera on a trip to Singapore a few weeks ago and had the opportunity to take some night shots along the river that runs through the city. I used a railing for stability and the 2 second timer to take the shots. The 2 second timer allows any shake to stop after the button is pressed. I took about 20 pictues using the nightshot setting. All 20 turned out with no bluring even when zoomed in. The 8x10 prints looked like they had been professionally taken.
These are pure torture. I own the e5c and love them 5 stars - but these need to be redesigned! There is no excause for the level of pain and poor fit. There is another manufacture that makes a similar product and it is soft and comfortable.
Connected all the wires and plugged it in. It did not work at all. Now, I have to return it.Does cold weather effect it? The UPS guy just dropped it off. I waited for it to warm up. Did the freeze damage it?
Saw this exact item for ~33% more in office supply stores. I was looking for a rolling laptop case that was not too big to carry on the plane but could hold either my netbook or 15" laptop. This is perfect! Quality is excellent.
The sound is truly outstanding. One must take care in learning how to insert them properly. There is a learning curve. They are more difficult to use at first - the results are worth the effort.
It could not work any better. The remote is very strong. It can reach 14 feet across my room easily.
could not find these at any office supply store. we have equipment at my work that actually still use these discs to store data. Work great and great price!
I own a Kodak Professional Dye Sub printer. The output on this printer is like my Kodak. I like it because it is quick and easy for a 4x6 print. It comes out perfect - no cutting or trim necessary. It has a very small foot print - the cord holders are arranged very well. Drivers worked well - even when networked. Highly recommended. Very fast. Yes the Kodak is a little better but a lot more expensive. One would be hard to tell the difference.Addendum afer owinig 6 months!! - As I use this printer - I am not as pleased - a lot of detail missing - some problems with muddy colors. Generally not pleased!
I purchased this to go from the digital output of my laptop docking station to the HDMI input on my HP 24" monitor. The monitor is running in 1920x1200 resolution and the picture is excellent. The cable is also much thinner and more flexible than the VGA cable I was using. This allows easier routing.
I had always stayed away from subwoffers due to often exaggerated muddy lows. This one delivers clean and very contollable lows. Very easy to set-up with a modern receiver. Often goes om sale at amazon. The technology is a little older but the best of older designs. You can get better, smaller, lighter for a whole lot more money with only a subtle improvement.
I bought a set for my office, I'm so happy with them that I've just bought a second set for home. Several of my coworkers have purchased these speakers after hearing them in my office. They are far better than one would expect in this price range, excellent balance and spectral response. Can't beat it with a stick.
I have to briefly comment regarding this lens. In the past I had been lukewarm about it, but over time I have come to cherish it. Make no mistake, it has caused me some troubles over the years. As others have written, there is a learning curve to the lens. The narrow aperture at f1.2 itself requires some practice but even beyond this, the lens has some quirks that, like a good friend, you learn to understand better and eventually start to like. I also have to say that when I started fussing with this lens some years ago I was using the 5D --which I still love-- but having upgraded to various other bodies such as the 5D II and others, the focusing reliability of this lens has improved dramatically. I have since sold off most of my L lenses and now exclusively shoot with the 50L and I can't see parting with it anytime soon.
i just received this unit yesterday to serve as a bridge to my Belkin wireless router (the router manual specifies this AP). Cannot get it to talk wirelessly to the Belkin router. I've spent a good deal of time with it including 30 minutes with Belkin tech support, which consisted of someone reading a script to me, arguing about trivial things, and then ringing off before the issue was resolved. Frustrating to say the least. I'm also not impressed with the lack of logging, as well as the wide-open browser access (your SSID and security settings are displayed to anyone without logging in).The manual is sadly out of date and does not match the firmware nor the physical product, which would make setup difficult for an inexperienced user. Belkin would like to have us believe that this is a plug and play product, but this is not the case.generally, this is pretty much a piece of cr*p. I'm trying to get Belkin to RMA it and either replace it or refund. Overall, I'm more impressed with Linksys/Cisco products than Belkin, even in this price range.Update: Belkin issued me an RMA, I followed their instructions to the letter and shipped the product to Canada at my expense. Four weeks later, i got it back, they had refused delivery with no explanation. I chucked the box in the trash.Belkin, you suck. Never ever again.
I own this router along with a Belkin Access Point that I'm attempting to get to work together. I've had to replace the AP once already and the replacement is no better. I've just "upgraded" the firmware on the router and now the router has ceased to function. I'm about 8 hours into this project which includes a ridiculous hour on the phone with Belkin tech support plus trips to the post office to ship gear back to them at my expense. I'm about to give all of the Belkin gear away and switch to something that actually works (for example, I configured two AP's and a firewall/router at work in about 15 minutes).And for a real laugh, Belkin's idea of security is to display the network's SSID without someone needing to log in. Um, right, that's secure.
It all works perfectly after the firmware upgrade. It has lived up to its potential. The integration with my Kodak Gallery is spectacular!!!!! The documentation is still a problem - even the firmware instructions were more difficult than needed to be! I just copied the firmware file to an sd card and upgraded. There instructions added another unnecessary step. Kodak is supposed to make things for the average user - this product instructions are just not clear! Remember Kodak who buys your products!
I owned this radio for about 1 to 2 years and it spent the vast majority of it's time in the top of a closet NOT getting any use (let alone ABUSE!). This radio was used INDOORS in my small apartment (no smoking, no pets) with few exceptions. The day it finally died, it was on it's first camping trip.The first thing to go was the AC input jack. Either the first or second time I used it, it became loose. I did not drop or hit the radio to make this happen. Being electronic, I assumed the radio would be SOMEWHAT fragile so I was as careful with it as I could be. Still, after the second time using it, I had to prop up the AC adapter plug to apply continuous pressure on the input jack in order for the radio to work (or recharge) using AC power. In addition to all that, something came loose INSIDE the radio and would rattle around when the radio was moved. I eventually opened the radio to find the broken piece but never could locate the source of the rattle...so the radio continued to rattle for the rest of it's days.Next to fail was the volume knob which also became very loose after, maybe 1 or 2 months use. The knob would then wiggle around in it's setting. Volume control was unreliable.Tuning was acceptable. It could pull in the stations dialed in and the Tune knob wasn't very loose (compared to the Volume knob). The speaker was mediocre and the sound was poor but functional. As you may imagine, this radio sounded better on AM than on FM. I never tried this radio for Short Wave reception.The flashlight/lamp feature was mediocre. I used the light a few times around the house when I couldn't find another flashlight. Honestly, though, I have a MagLite Solitare...It's a tiny little flashlight that uses only one AAA size battery. The MagLite Solitare was MUCH brighter than the 3 LED lamp on the BayGen FreePlay Plus. The BayGen's lamp is bright enough to do very simply tasks, such as locating your keys, etc., but it's not bright enough for reading without considerable eye strain and fatigue.The ON/OFF switch on to of the radio was not located in the best spot. The switch is actually located on the handle itself so when you pick up and carry the radio, often you accidentally turn the light on. Also, the switch offers little resistance so just lightly brushing the switch will turn the light on or off accidentally. I would have put the switch in another place--somewhere that you would have to intentionally reach for in order to flip switch.The crank was rough and stiff. As time and use went on, the crank became easier to turn. The day the radio finally broke permanently, I took it to the beach (no rough hiking or camping--just from the car to the beach). The radio had not been dropped. As I cranked the handle to charge the radio, the spring (I assume) inside the radio broke and snapped violently. The crank handle also snapped violently jerking the radio out of my hands and sending it crashing onto the sand at the beach.The crank would not work after that. The radio would not power on either; and the AC adapter didn't work anymore either.Whether you assume I was too rough with the radio or not doesn't matter much because this radio is marketed as an EMERGENCY RADIO. This is supposed to be an emergency survival aid--it should have been able to stand up to AT LEAST A FEW rigors. This radio didn't even stand up to normal use of a portable radio--let alone anything CLOSE to a survival situation.I would NOT recommend this radio to anyone. There are other crank radios on the market--shop around. I suggest you check into the Eton/Grundig FR250, Kaito KA007, or similar radios. This radio is GREATLY overpriced!
This is the only USB hub that I know of that allows you to connect to two computers simultaneously and uses a switch built into the hub to manually switch between them. I bought this because I recently bought a laptop and want to share USB devices with my desktop. This hub is self powered (comes with a power adaptor) so it allows you to connect any USB devices. The only additional feature that I wouldn't mind having is a switch to turn the power off but its something I can live without.
I researched dozens of so-called Photo Printers for a year before this one caught my eye. This is an amazing product for the price, and it's the first to have impressed my wife. The output quality is so close to real photos that we ran out and spent $300 on frames!My only caveat is that, while the built-in card readers seem like a great idea, the fact is you usually need to process your pictures on a PC to get them looking their best -- before you print. But still, it's super cool to be able to pop a CompactFlash card in this printer, print an Index sheet, click the Save button, and have the pictures copied automatically to your computer.One other minor gripe is that this printer isn't all that sexy looking on one's desk. Its control panel is a hodgepodge of buttons and curves. I actually preferred the styling of HP's DeskJet 970Cse. It has the same print engine, but instead of the built-in computer it has a duplexer -- which is not nearly as interesting for photo printing. (Note that you pay $100 for the P1100's duplexer -- the only difference from the P1000.) It would be nice if HP offered an even cheaper model without the duplexer or card readers.This was my first serious foray into photo printing, and I was a little disappointed to discover how fragile inkjet output is. Basically, you can never touch a print on photo paper because it'll be sticky for a while. And if you get any water on it, plan to reprint. The best way to protect your good pictures is to put 'em under glass.Mechanically, I've experienced a few misfeeds when using the 4x6 photo tray -- and those were with HP's sample 4x6 paper. Epson's cheaper 4x6 paper will not fit the tray without trimming, but amazingly I didn't have any misfeeds with it. My solution was to buy a good paper cutter and print everything on letter size paper.All in all, this is the printer I'm recommending to friends and family. When I first showed the output to people and asked them to guess how much a printer like that costs, every one of them guessed around $2,000! That got me thinking I should compare the output with HP's color laser printer. And with the exception of a little holographic effect at different viewing angles on pictures from the P1000, I thought the quality was noticeably better than the color laser printer -- at 1/6th the price.
Excellent blacks,color and lighting - basically a high quality set. It is hard to find a high quality 20". I bought a 20" Sharp from Costco 200.00 less but the picture quality was not good - it even had a DVD. This picture is that of a high priced HDTV. Pleased so far. If problems arise I will note them later. I own a very expensive HD set and know how a good set should look. This one is pleasing. I am putting it through the paces in this 30 day period - to make sure it is ok. It is on 15 hours a day in the kitchen.
Perhaps I received a bad unit that slipped passed the Quality Control dept., but my radio was a disappointment. First off, the listing advertises that the unit comes with a carrying case--mine did not. Some customers have said that it even comes with an AC adapter--mine did not. I can live without the carrying case and even without the AC adapter. What I cannot live without is a radio that can't tune in a station clearly.The ONLY thing on the radio that I found acceptable was it's ability to tune in local AM stations. Shortwave was a bust for me. I usually use mySony ICF-SW7600GR AM/FM Shortwave World Band Receiver with Single Side Band Receptionfor shortwave listening. I realize the Sony is 5 times the price of this Kaito so I'm not trying to compare the two radios across the board; however, the Kaito was not able to tune in ANY shortwave stations for me. The tuning scale makes reading what station you are tuning very difficult so perhaps I simply didn't tune the shortwave band in correctly.Even so, I was unable to tune in ANY FM stations. I live in a city with FM stations all across the FM band from 87.7 up to 107.5 MHz. The radio was unable to separate ANY of these stations out and tune it in. I received nothing but 2 or more stations buried in static all simultaneously no matter where I tuned on the dial. This radio was unable to separate ANY station on the FM band. I live literally 9 blocks away from 2 FM radio stations and I could not receive either of those clearly (or any other station in town). FM selectivity on this radio was horrible. Overall, had poor sensitivity, poor selectivity, and horrible drift. I nearly had a very powerful FM station dialed in acceptably once but that only lasted for around 30 seconds; then it drifted off an needed to be re-tuned.Tuning and re-tuning is a bit of a pain that requires some patience. The needle has about 1/8" play in it on either side of a target frequency so that if you are trying to tune a frequency, you by-pass it back and forth quite a bit before landing on it right. Then after a few seconds, when it begins to drift, you get to play the 1/8" back and forth tuning game again until you find the freq. again.The speaker on this radio is probably on the level of what you can expect with a light, plastic radio with a speaker this size. I was NOT impressed at all with this speaker and didn't see how it sounded any better than the speaker on mySangean DT-300-VW Pocket-Sized Digital Radio with Tuner. The Kaito did get a little louder than the Sangean because the speaker is slightly larger; however, it did not sound more clear or better in any way. The sound via earbuds is better on my Sangean pocket radio. This Kaito's audio seems to lack bass frequencies and the lower mid-range. The Sangean pocket radio has very well balanced sound through the heahphone jack--in fact, it might be SLIGHTLY better than my expensive Sony ICF-SW7600GR. The Sony has better sound via the headphone jack than this Kaito does also--but it should since it's 5 times more expensive.Overall, the radio felt a bit fragile in comparison to both my Sony ICF-SW7600GR and my Sangean DT300VW pocket radio. It felt as if I could have easily crushed it or cracked it by accident. I could be unfarily judging this radio but I would hesitate before taking this radio out with me on a hike, bike ride, bus ride, etc. It just doesn't feel solid or durable. This radio is much smaller than my Sony and slightly larger than my Sangean pocket radio making it too small to use seriously for radio listening and too large to use as a pocket radio.I've returned the Kaito WRX911 radio for a refund.RESOLUTION NOTE: As far as Amazon.com is concerned, I emailed their customer service and notified them that I had not received the carrying case that was supposed to be included. Since the item was sold by Kaito and not Amazon, they could not replaced the carrying case for me so they instead gave me a FULL REFUND...immediately. Within 24 hours after contacting customer service, I had a refund. This product was below my expectations; but Amazon was above them. Amazon has great customer service and a very easy and helpful return policy. I will continue to shop with Amazon.com
I was already happy with the sound quality of the Tivoli Model Two, but after adding the subwoofer I love it. The only thing I don't like is the hum you get if you turn off the tuner and leave the subwoofer in standby mode. You also need to shop around for the best price. You can pay anywhere from $80 to $175 for this unit.
Did not performed as specified. When aux unit played AAIGM24 would repeatedly pause and restart. Merchant was prompt with refund; no questions asked.
I own a Epson high-end scanner 2 models back. This model is a clear winner and upgrade as I see it. The software installation is just perfect in my Vista 32 Dell Workstation. Right out of the box -- put a photo on the flatbed - press the one button scan and you will be amazed. The digital-ice as we all know is amazing - a real edge is hardware assisted restoration. All the manual and fine adjustments are available in the professional mode. The build quality is clearly excellent.Good software package with Silverfast. Support is good at this level but it is not their pro-level support.This is a great choice to sum it up! It does as good a job on 35mm film as mu Nikon coolscan 4000. That is a major achievement!
Short and sweet... This camera is great, hardware-wise. The image looks good, and the automatic light adjustment works well. Capturing video at 320x240 is smooth.Installation is true plug and play. This camera is Microsoft WHQL logo'd and drivers are included with Windows ME and XP. No installation of the included software is necessary. If you have Windows 2000 you will need to download drivers from the Intel web site. This is a bad thing for people who actually want to use the included software, as it will not install or work in Window 2000, the downloadable drivers are bare bones. This is not so bad, as the included software is not too hot anyway, and netmeeting and windows movie maker or media encoder work great. Windows media encoder is a free download from Microsoft.The camera is well priced and beats all the other cameras out there for OS support and quality. Yes, even the Intel Pocket Camera. Pick up this camera for a low price and there is also the rebate which makes it a steal. If you are even slightly considering getting a webcam, go for this one. You will put it to good use if you plan on running Windows XP in the near future, as the built in Windows Messenger software makes it really easy to have video chats with friends or family.
Nikon has always made this lens a real treasure. It has been around a long time in various forms. Love it - first class image quick focus. A GEM!
I have this printer for at home and also in my office. Both constantly have error messages for "Carriage Jam." There's no carriage jam. If I could, I would take a bat to the printer like in Office Space.
Cobra 148GTL 40 Channel CB Radio...Great product,even exceeds F.C.C regs.! Even better price. Note: In thefuture when virtually ALL communication is lost, The C.B. radio will be Your only hope.
Product: 5 stars (if it is the redesigned). But 1 star because you can get this item for free, so why selling it?My husband bought the Bose In-Ear Headphones less than a year ago. Though he looooves the brilliant sound of the music, he had many troubles with the silicon tips, which fall too often. Since he is a daddy of a 2 y.o. that also loves music, you can imagine how soon he lost the silicon tips included in his purchase. He even considered to glue them, as my mother actually did (successfully, as she told me), but all his pairs were already unmatched. Looking for those on Amazon site I came across with a great advise from another reviewer who warned on not to buy the silicon tips, because on its website Bose was sending replacements for free. He did not include the link and it was not easy to find it, but I actually found it and he was right.Bose acknowledged the poor design of these silicone tips, that's why they are correcting their mistake (if everyone do that...!). So, they do send a "Complete set of silicone ear tips (S, M and L)", well redesigned (apparently with a feature that impede the tips from falling) and by means of a free UPS 3 or 5-day delivery. Even provide a tracking number so you can trace the package. I must say that the items are well packaged.You can also register for a free "Stability enhancement accessory", as I did. My husband is very happy with his new absolutely-free accessories, and enjoying the improved features of these little things. And so is my mom: I also ordered the two items for her as well. Bose's website says that they reserve the right to limit the quantities, but as far as I am concerned, I placed two orders without a problem, the two of them for both items.Here is the link:https://www.bose.com/controller?event=VIEW_HEADPHONE_SUPPORT_EVENTHowever, if they change this link, try these words in their web search: "complimentary" or "replacement". They'll do the job.PLEASE DO NOT BUY THEM if you have already paid for this fine product. Just exercise your right to a proper consumer attention. Bose is great providing that.
I had one of these on my BMW for ten years, ran a cable from the audio jack to my intercom system via a balancing transformer. On the new bike, I decided I don't need the GPS to talk to me so the audio jack was removed. I do wish there were a better way to secure the cover over the power head, as it is subject to corrosion.
New camera and I don't have $600 right now for a macro lens. Have had macro lenses with previous cameras and very much enjoy taking photos of flowers, as my wife is an avid gardener. I've only taken a handful of photos so far with the Raynox, and am having quite a lot of fun with it. With my setup (18-55 on a Fujifilm XE-1) there is a bit of vignetting at the corners, but it's nothing that can't be easily cropped out. The extremely shallow depth of field that is achievable is very very impressive, much more so than my macro lens on my other cameras. This really is a "super macro" and not really a direct replacement for a conventional macro lens.In an ideal world we'd have infinite money to buy all the toys, but in the world I live in, I have to make choices. I think this is a good choice for experienced photographers who want to do super macro, or newbies that want to have fun with the world of macro photography. Patience will be rewarded.
Just got it today so no long term review yet, but I say that I plugged it into my XP box and it lit up and was ready to go, nothing else needed. Downloaded over 2000 pics and a whole bunch of other stuff in less than 10 munites. Feels good in the hand and the little USB plug tucks itself right into the box. Very cool.
I use this unit EVERY time I shoot. It makes a good handhold as well as a lifesaver in putting two batteries available to double the normal life span. Being a professional photographer these are very important qualities. This unit matches all expectations, but what else would you expect from Canon?
I looked at a lot of digital cameras before I finally bought this one. It seems a little pricey, but this little gem is an engineering marvel, and very well thought out to maximize the ease of use for all that power. It can be used as a PhD Camera (Push here Dummy), or full on, do all your own settings or anywhere in between. Customizable button. Fantastic zoom capability - so much you have to be careful of camera shake a full zoom. I find the zoom really allows flexibility of shots, I always find I want to zoom in on a face, on wildlife or a special scene, and this camera can do it like no other - 38 to over 1000 zoom equivalent 35 mm. Add black and white, sepia, or whiteboard capability. Add 100 to 800 ASO settings, manual or automatic. I found almost instantaneous download through my USB port. I bought the card reader, but don't really need it. I bought the 128 meg card, and its well worth buying more card space, 8 meg is not enough. All digitals tend to eat batteries, but Olympus cameras are among the most miserly of the current digitals. This camera uses batteries, but at an acceptable rate. It can use 2 lithium packs or 4 AA's - recharagble or alkaline - so you can always find power in a pinch. Automatic white adjust for true colors whether you are outdoors, indoors with tungsten or flourescent lighting. Professional quality 4 x 6 prints, very acceptable 8 x 10. How big do you need? All for 10 trim ounces of weight! Take it anywhere. What are you waiting for? If you have the $ you will have a blast with this camera. The only drawbacks I found are the blue halo on bright white edges - but I think all current digitals have that - and this darn camera is smarter than I am.
I believe a good trait in a portable CD player is durability. Good points: this CD player is very nice looking and the anti-skip works well. Now on to the bad: the top is aluminum I believe , which is a problem in my opinion. I have dropped this thing twice, each time damage was done. You drop it , it dents. I dropped this player onto a thick carpet off a table and the lid latch broke off-it is plastic glued onto the lid. fragile. The rail which the read laser traverses derailed as well. What a waste of money.
This TV was great for the first two years. Other people with HDTV's often commented how much better my picture was than theirs. I loved this TV. But now, after having it 2 1/2 years, it turned itself off and the red LED flashes in bursts of 7 times. I found out that is a malfunctioning D board and is a common problem. Scheduling the service with Sony has not been fun and they say the product is on backorder and don't know when it will be in. I've found it on a website and am going to order it and hope I can get technician out. But seriously, when you spend $2300 on a TV you should not have problems with it this soon. If it were a fluke, fine, but so many people have had the problem they're running out of parts.
This semi-soft case was perfect for my needs. Most of the time, you don't want to have to carry a whole camera bag with you - nor do you need to if you do not plan on changing lenses. But you want to have SOME protection on your camera and that is where this case comes in. This case protects the camera from dust and cosmetic wear that would happen if left uncovered. The best part is, that it does not add any size to the camera...I usually put my camera in my desk drawer with this on it. I found this to be very well made. I have had for over a year and had no problems with it. It looks almost new.NIKON, please make this for your other camera kits as well! I would love one for the D90 :)
I spent a fortune on this remote and the damn thing never works.I cant get the things to upload...I cant get the website to work...If I do... the stupid REMOTE doesnt work.(and no its not just me- the TV setup guy couldnt get it to work either. DONT BUY IT!)
I've started to compose music digitally and have used the SD280s...these blow those out of the water! Sooo much better sound quality and the comfort is excellent as well! I tried out the M50s which also sounded pretty good...but these beat them out by far in terms of comfort and the sound quality is comparable or better.
I purchased this printer to keep in my dorm room (I'm currently a college student, in a relatively unfavorable dorm situation), and have overall been very, very pleased with it.The dimensions of the printer are very friendly - it fits quite conveniently into many places, and the fold-up paper tray is a good idea. I've never had trouble with paper jams, sorting problems, or accidental multiple-sheet feeding that some run through jet printers often encounter.The printer is very easy to install - plug & play on laptop running Windows XP Home Edition OS. No driver/IRQ conflicts, although be warned that it does not come with a connector cable, and you will have to purchase a USB/serial connector separately. The quality of the printing itself is great for the amount of money you're paying.My only problems with this printer is that tt's extremely noisy (which is bad when you have to try and print for your 9:00 class while your roomie is still sleeping). ...I have had no problems with the physical integrity of the printer itself.
Anyone looking to purchase these headphones should note: they were designed and advertised for DJ use specifically. And by DJ, I mean the live-performance variety, not the studio-technician variety.And, for DJs, these headphones are excellent.The actual physical configuration of the headphones is clearly designed for DJ use, with easily folding, individually rotating cups for single-side monitoring. They are also designed to rest close to the ear which, although it may make your ears hot and uncomfortable if you use them for prolonged home listening, is ideal for DJs because they effectively cancel noise up to extremely high volumes (I've used these in both a small party and club setting, and have found the non-electronic cancellation to be more than adequate for both).The actual sound styling is typical of Sony, with the quality generally reflecting the price. I listen to a variety of music through these: in addition to hip hop &amp; house for club use, i listen to various other electronica, various rock, lots of acoustic music and a ton of a capella. The headphones perform admirably in all cases. The bass is strong without being overbearing, the mids are balanced and the highs are clear without being ringy or piercing.Please note my initial admonition again, however: these headphones are designed for DJs. For your money, you can probably find a better set for home use by Sennheiser, or similar, which aren't geared torward performance/studio use. In addition, other reviewers are right: the headphones get uncomfortable after prolonged use (I found that after about 30 minutes to an hour of home use, I felt the need to take them off and massage my ears for a bit, as these fit tight and are a bit heavy). The only reason I would ever recommend against these for DJs is if you plan on spinning for an extraordinarily extended period of time, because they are slightly heavier than the v600s and the extra weight, while usually unnoticable, can become an issue if you're spinning upwards of five or six hours.
Just plug in the power cable. Set it and forget it. I know a thing or two when it these things, and I don't claim to know everything. I do know that I have to upgrade to the most recent firmware and to use the highest level of wireless encryption, and use a very unique password from the standard default password. One thing I did learn, I have to change that password often.Sadly in my case, this excellent device is not being used at its full potential. At this time its role is as an access point. This wireless device is attached to a wired router does all the super secret squirrel duties.The reason why I gave this review that title, "It runs like a champ." for a reason. In conjunction with the wired router, the two devices tag team the their duties and are able to support a multitude of wireless devices. Those devices included, many laptops, many tablets, and many smartphones. As long as the family gets connect, they are happy. This wireless device has been running without a hiccup. In my book, it is a champion to me.
I've used this Aux cable for over 4 years. Yeah it's breaking down a bit now but still works good. I'm about to order another one. Perfect audio quality from my iPod or phone to my car, all the time. Get this and you won't regret it.
Good product-worth $$. Would be more usable with strap or some type of hangin device-clumsy to pull out of pack each time to alter playback .would buy again--consider it a throwaway-good value for it shortcomings of strap.
I'm not sure why this router only has 3 stars and people are having trouble with it. The setup was a little difficult for me, but this thing has performed FLAWLESSLY for 3 years. It's been amazing - performance on par with the $200 Apple Time Capsule. I had a Belkin router that was crapping out every 2-3 minutes before I bought this - I plugged the new Netgear router in, and I can count on one hand the amount of times my connection has dropped in 3 years. Sorry others are having trouble, but I have nothing but praise for this device.
For about 80% of people, this camera is going to be a dream come true.Simply put, it's the pinnacle of ultra compact digital camera technology. With a 4 megapixel resolution with a better sensor than almost all of its competitors in a body the size of a pack of cigarettes, the Canon S410 is fabulous. The buttons and other physical factors of the interface are all well designed: the zoom and shutter button are in the same place for ridiculously easy one handed operation. The function knob on the upper right provides easy access to several shooting & playback modes. Compare this to other recent sexy, ultra-compact powershooters by Casio & Fuji (Think Z4U and A340) and you'll understand why this is a superior camera.Other pros:-Canon STILL uses Compact Flash media, which is significantly cheaper than xD and sD, which a good 90% of other brands use. I have yet to see a downside in everyday use (don't ask me about extreme temperate conditions or whether the various media survive prolonged exposure to electromagnetic fields of varying strengths, as I won't know, and most people don't care).-I personally like Canon's picture quality far better than that of most of its competitors, within the same style of camera.-The auto-focus system is superior to all other cameras of this size and strength. VASTLY superior.Cons:-Canon's movie mode is growing steadily outdated. This is one area where you may be able to find another camera that serves better: This camera is limited to 3 minutes of 15 FPS 320 x 240 resolution motion capture, regardless of the size of your memory card. I do, however, think that if you're that serious about wanting to record digital movies, you should look to a device more aimed at that sort of thing, like the new Panasonic digi-video-cams that take still images as a secondary function.-Memory door is made of plastic, not metal like the rest of the camera, and I have seen it break.-1.5" LCD leaves something to be desired (esp. compared to Casio's line of 2" LCD ultracompacts).-No easy, pre-set scene modes like Fuji or Minolta have.Reasons why you would NOT like this camera:-If this is your first digital camera. I can understand how you may be disappointed by the fact that 99% of point & shoot digital cameras do not make film-quality prints. This is something you will just have to deal with, or not use digital cameras: short of a $700+ SLR digi camera, you will NEVER consistently get film-quality prints, and even then, you will not get the same quality as a comparably priced film camera.-If you are a photo enthusiast. Canon's Digital Elph line of cameras is designed around every day snapshooters that do not need or know how to use things like manual white balance, various aperture settings, add-on lenses, etc. The similarly priced Canon S45 is much more along the lines of what you're looking for, if you insist on remaining in the compact category. Otherwise, invest in a digital SLR camera, as you will be much happier.
I bought this player two weeks ago, and thanks to Amazon, got a fabulous discount, and it arrived two days after I ordered it. I could not wait to try it out. I read so many reviews about the product on cnet, zdnet, amazon, and consumer reports and decided that the negative reviews stemmed mostly from persons who either got a bum player or just could not figure out how to use it. The itself player is fabulous! I had no trouble figuring out how it works, I went throught the interactive tutorial and I was actually ripping cds and transferring music to the player after only two hours of having the product.My only beef is with the software, it kept crashing! This is not the fault of the software, but the fault of my computer, turns out I did not have enough memory to run it. But, once I cured that problem and got the new firmware and downloads from nomadworld.com, the software proved to be pretty decent to help me rip cds, and transfer music to my player, as well as create playlist and arrange the order of my songs and albums. I would recommend that if buying the player you do go to nomadworld.com to get the latest firmware and downloads, otherwise, you will have a hard time using and navigating the software. I had such a hard time with the software, but once I downloaded the necessary updates, the gliches were all ironed out. If the player itself ever freezes, then there is a reset button, which if you ever have to use it, does not cause you to lose any of your songs.It holds 5,000 MP3s or 8,000 songs in WMA format--I don't even own that many songs! It even holds data files. Every song from every cd that I own (quite a lot) is on this player and I still have room left for thousands more. If you download music from the net, the software allows you to transfer all of the songs from that program, or any other program, including Windows Media Player directly onto the player. You can even create your own PC Music Library from all of the songs on your player, and play the songs on your computer. I just couldn't believe the Jukebox 3 could hold so much music, and be so easy to navigate, yet costs so little. There is no way in the world I would pay $...for an iPod, this player is just as good and from the review at consumer reports, its better! You simply cannot ignore an MP3 player at this price, with this much space, ease of use, and convenience. The player itself is fabulous to carry around with me, wherever I go. Yes, its bigger than the iPod, but bulky, certainly not. I just put in the earphones, and slip it in my carryall, and I'm good to go. I carry it everywhere. I did have to get new headphones, the ones that came with it just were not my style. But, the sound on the player is incredible! You have so many different options for sound formatting, creating playlists, arranging tracks, etc. You can search on the player by artist, album, track, however you want. Enter the list of songs you want in the "Play Now" menu, and it plays these songs for you. If you select to play a particular artist, it will play all the songs from that artist, or if you select a particular playlist, it will play all the songs from that playlist and you can use the software to rearrange the tracks.It came with firewire and USB cables, I immediately went out and bought a firewire adapter for my notebook computer and found that the difference between the firewire and the USB is only a few seconds, but, in the long run, if you want to transfer more than a dozen songs at once, firewire is the way to go.Yes, I've already dropped it--and guess what, it didn't matter, it kept working. It has an automatic idle shutoff which is great for preserving battery power (about 11 hours on one battery) the battery life is great, and you can even add a second battery to extend the battery life. It takes a relatively short time to charge, if you come home at night and all the battery power is drained, simply plug it in and when you wake up in the morning, it will be good to go. You can still listen to music while its charging, you can attach speakers to the player, which I have done, and listen to music that way, or buy a car kit, which I also did, and listen to it while driving around.This player gives me so many choices for its use that there is no way I could have ever chosen another player. I love it!
The Netgear MR814 802.11b Wireless 4-Port Cable/DSL Router is very easy to set up and required no software. I like the Firewalls and parental control options that this router provides. Internet accessible from anywhere at home. And it is compatible with both Windows and Mac. The antenna for this model is 2DB. Though the router was easy to set up I had some difficulties in configuring it to my settings. There have been numerous instances when the connection dropped and I had to reset the router for it to function properly. This frequency of loss of connectivity is an unhealthy sign.
Though delayed, I wanted one for my Airport Extreme. Holds it well. Not only does it suit my Extreme but also my workstation, completely. Isnt too obviously visible either.. a good thought from Apple
These binoculars are all about quality in the largest field of view. If you want to see a wide expanse of nature or the heavens downrange from your position, these are the way to go. I got them specifically to frame smaller constellations and asterisms, the detail of which can be further examined with a scope. They help tremendously to put the object in the scope into context. Ordinarily, observing half a degree of field tends to abstract objects almost entirely from their surrounding. Since it's not practical to really "zoom" in using a single optical instrument, using these in combination with something of higher power is ideal. Don't get me wrong, I do have a zoom on the scope... it zooms from 25x to 50x -- amazing but you have to understand that this is a field of view of 2.4 to 1.5 degrees -- essentially like looking through a pipe to a drinkstraw. These Nikons however, show over 9 degrees field of view -- something which is unsurpassed in the highest-end binocular out there.There are compromises necessitated by the optical principles used to make these function. They do not have a very flat field of view, meaning objects in the center of the field (circle) can be focused, but objects nearer the edge of the field are out of focus. This is because the focused field is curved not flat. This problem is also evident in most 10x50's for example. It's less of a problem in good quality 8x42's like Nikon's Monarch for example, and obviously the high end Swarovski, Leica, Zeiss etc. This problem matters more when you have a narrow field and highly magnified image where the subject tends to fill the field of view. It matters less when the subject is focused in the center of the field and the background surrounding it is slightly out of focus.Still, even if you pay the biggest bucks for bright, flat, and sharp images from the top of the line binoculars, you'll still only see about 8 degrees true field of view, whereas these give you over 9 degrees. Furthermore, they give an apparent field of view of over 59 degrees, rivaling the top-of-the-line binoculars.If you're looking for a handy, all-purpose binocular, the roof-prism 8x42's are proven to be far more popular for a number of good reasons (more compact, more magnification while not yet needing a tripod or IS like 10x does, more competition and choices etc.) But if you're looking for the best field of view with high quality optics, this is it, and fortunately it comes at a very reasonable cost. I don't know what other 7x35's are out there, but I can tell you this is far better than Celestron or Bushnell.
I bought one of these printers with my iMac and found it was fast and efficient. Now i will buy another one for my sister's room, since it's on here for 87.99 which is great deal! Scanning and copying is also with good resolution.l
Great deal on a great TV. With the Amazon free delivery, the deliveryman unpacked and set up the TV for me. Factory presets work perfectly with DirecTV HD service.
I've been burned in the past with supposedly "universal" remotes which were never able to synchronize all of my components correctly. The process of setting them up was tedious, and invariably something wouldn't work quite right.I decided on the Harmony 880 based on the good reviews, and I couldn't be happier. The remote actually switches my AV receiver to the correct input, sets the TV to the right channel, and turns on my cable box with one button!The GOOD: Works as advertised. You connect your remote to your PC, do a couple of really simple walk-throughs which explain to the remote what you want, and you're good to go. I am still in awe of being able to control so many disparate components with one button. Also, the remote lets you do the very same functions your old remotes did, even those arcane DVR or cable remotes. The design is elegant and it feels and looks good.The BAD: The remote to cradle connection, as others have mentioned it, not as reliable as it could be. It does charge, but you have to jiggle it around sometimes so the connectors line up.Overall, I HIGHLY recommend this product. It makes controlling my home theater, with A/V receiver, DVD, CD, Cable/DVR, TV, and multiple video games a breeze!
I recently purchased this TV along with the larger 52" model. Both TVs work wonderfully with my DirecTV service. I read most of the reviews before purchase and was prepared for a lengthly setup process. What a lot of BS! The factory presets were perfect in my case. The only challenge for me was the setup on the DirecTV DVRs.
I needed a quick easy to use, high quality digital camera. I've owned five already including the Olympus D-400, D-450 and C-3030. I think the Olympus C-3030 is very high quality but requires four PhD's to learn how to use it. I am not an amateur. I've taught photography and I've built 15 different computer systems over the years. I am a professional in presentation software, for example. The Olympus C-3030 was an expensive disappointment. This Sony camera has great optics and --- once you spend a little time learning it --- an extremely simply menu system! I can take pictures of clients and rapidly download them and embed them into a Powerpoint presentation. Others have noted the flaws: the USB cable is simply 'not ready for prime time' and the 8mb memory stick is a joke. So: if you want a great digital camera (that can do excellent 5-15 second video clips--- something I really need) then get this camera and a PCMCIA adapter [and] an extra battery and two 64mb memory sticks [and] you'll have a great system to use. Toss the USB cable and write a letter of complaint to Sony for not providing the PCMCIA adapter. The attached unlosable lens cap is a good idea, but an automatically hidable one (as on some other cameras) would have been better. Including all the goodies and a case in one 'kit' would have been smart and should have been done at the same price. Putting the microphone in front instead of on top would have been a good idea, too. Letting the user record 60 second video clips would have been great, too. But as a usable high quality system: I currently haven't found a better one. And as a tool to photograph the misbehaviors of neighborhood vandals, it's been proving to be a godsend. With some specialized accessories, it sits, high in a second floor window with an external powersupply and an intervalometer plus a motion sensor. It gets GREAT shots, even in very low light!
With moderate use, this drive died in less than a year. The speed is fair. Personally I will not buy Fantom drive again.
There is no such thing as a "quality" digital connection. This product description is astonishingly misleading. You can get the exact same connection from a $5 digital cable.
The lens does take very good, tack sharp pix, within its depth of field (perfect for portraits and other special needs) but I found the constant clicking of the autofocus extremely distracting. Click, click, click, back and forth, the lens hunts for focus and lets you know it. I agree with all the positive reviews cited above, but the noise is a big drawback to me. It distracts my subjects, too.
For six bucks, which I paid for these at buy dot com, these are unbeatable value for money. For situations, when you do not want ear buds in the ears or you need portable speakers, these speakers work great. Sound quality is good. These speakers get input through regular audio cable and can be used with any MP3 player or audio device, not specifically with iPod, although the dock on these speakers is really sized for Video iPod 5G. They run on batteries and can be used with DC power but the DC power adapter is not included. Four AAA Eneloop batteriesSanyo Eneloop 4 Pack AAA NiMH Pre-Charged Rechargeable Batterieslast for hours.
I can't believe I've waited this long to get an IR remote for my SLR. I have a D40x and this little gadget is terrific, and is worlds better than using the timer. I wish this came standard with my camera, but it's cheap enough that it's not a big deal to pick it up separately. All you need to do to set it up is put your camera in "remote" mode (either instant release or 2 second delay), and fire away. You do need to point the remote at the camera, in much the same way as you would a TV remote, but it doesn't have to be exact, and the remote is easy enough to conceal in a pocket or your hand. Great addition to my kit.
We have been using a Terk Leapfrog for over four years now to get a signal from the front of the motor home to a little TV in the kitchen, only about 20' away. It has worked perfectly, with no interference from the WiFi router or laptops in the rig. The only thing that causes interference is the microwave.
Bought 3 of these for use with binoculars (bird watching, sports, hunting). Every design is a trade-off between robustness and light weight. This one is very light weight, so the cameras, binoculars, scopes, etc. should weigh less than 4 pounds - good for all but HUGE equipment. Light weight and small size when folded also means you are more likely to carry it along.Weight saving makes this tripod somewhat fragile, but it is still very stable, lightning quick to set up and easy to level on rough, uneven ground. Because it is based on grooved aluminum tubes sliding into one another, the first time that someone crashes into this tripod may be its last use. Any twisting, bending or warping force would wreck it. But, with reasonable care, it will last as long as any other tripod which is below "professional grade" and at 10% of the cost of a pro tripod.
This is a very comfortable and ergonomic corded key board and I really like the zoom slider bar. Shortcut "Hot Keys" are nice. If you are looking for an equivalent wireless then BluetoothLogitech Cordless Desktop MX 5500 Revolution Bluetooth Mouse and Keyboardis very nice.
This is the second set of these headphones that we have owned. The first set physically fell apart after several years of daily use. They had a good run. After about three weeks, the set I bought last month started working only when we were within about two feet of the transmitter. Unfortunately, I have already thrown out the packaging, transmitter that came with it, etc., so I'll just have to eat the $38.
I really like my tablet... seems a little buggy in the software, but then again, it's open source, so usually by the time something goes wrong, there's a new build or update to fix the problem. That and of course, if I don't like the way a piece of software works, I can go get something else. The web end is really great, all the google products (gmail and maps, mostly) I use work fine. That and wikipedia make this thing the coolest since sliced bread. Highly recommended.
So far so good, no problems. Not terribly fast, but plenty of room for MP3's.
This is a great product. Simple to use, just plug it in, easy to throw in a briefcase and a large storage capacity.I had to take away one star for the packaging. I almost lost a limb trying to open the plastic and get at the thing. It took me over 10 minutes to pry/cut it open. Worth it in the end, but a hassle.I recommend the product, just get your chainsaw ready to open it.
I love these; they're so tough the tend to outlast the camera I hang on them. I've had about four of them spread over about a dozen cameras over the years. Grippy, compact, and really tough.
I am very careful in maintaining ear buds. That said, this pair lasted no more than a week. The volume in the right ear diminished by 2/3. There was no wax or other discernable issue. Poor quality. I ordered some JBUDS and hopefully I have better luck with those.
Brother ink cartridge prices are criminal. My printing needs dont involve any concern for quality, so to be honest I don't inspect the printouts for quality nor do I do any significant photo printing. The cartridges fit, they work, and they are cheap. I have never had any leaking or streaking.
Attractive to look at - Yes. Well made - Yes. Difficult to get the CDs in & out of the sleeves - Yes, and more so the further back in the stack you go.
I was a little hesitant to buy a minidisc player, because I already have CD's, and portable CD players are cheaper. However I really enjoy this product. First, it's much more portable than a CD player, it easily fits in my pocket along with my wallet and keys. The discs are tiny and easy to take along as well, and are conveniently stored in cases, so you don't have to worry about them scratching. Secondly, recording features are really cool. The digital/optical line results in near perfect copying of CD's. I've also used a small clip-mike to bootleg concerts (with the artist's permission!), and as long as the sensitivity is turned all the way down, to compensate for the loud noise, the quality is excellent. 2 1/2 hours of mono recording is pretty cool, too.The other product this competes against is MP3 players. I think Minidisc is better suited for most people, because to listen to different songs you can just put in a new minidisc, you don't have to be near your computer and download new songs. As portable products are made for people on the go, this makes more sense. And of course it's still possible to record your MP3's to minidisc, it just takes more time.I think the Sharp 722 is the best Minidisc in the price range because of the lengthy battery life and the small, squarish shape. The remote can be useful, and the jogwheel makes functions such as adding and deleting tracks intuitive. It comes with a digital cable, which is a must-buy for other recorders that don't come with one.
This is a great work horse, fully adequate for day to day activities like email, web browsing, CD recording, DVD playing, office applications, and the likes. With its 16 MB of dedicated graphics memory, the nVidia chipset also allows for moderate gaming, if so desired. This is a great step ahead of most other offers in this price class, since the majority of the competition in this price segment seems to rely on sharing main memory for graphics. The latter approach is not only costing the user memory, but also tends to be slower than dedicated graphics memory.While the standard 256 MB RAM initially seem to be adequate, over time it turns out that in order to take full advantage of the capabilities of this machine, another 256 MB are helpful. Since there's an empty slot readily available, inserting a PC2100 S0-DIMM oneself is a no-brainer.Depending on the user's environment, there's also an optional wireless card available that can be mounted inside the laptop computer. Given the relatively steep price tag of the internal card, the user will have to decide whether to go with this option, thus keeping the PC card slot available, or rather opting for any of the readily available PC card wireless cards.Given the fact that the internal card only allows for 802.11b, some users might consider this at a mere 11 Mbit/sec to be too slow and thus will rather sacrifice the PC card slot to insert a card capable of higher wireless transmission rates as provided by 802.11a and/or 802.11g.In order to get the most out of the battery, it is important to adjust the power management settings accordingly. Out of the box, the defaults are set to provide maximum performance, thus draining the battery pretty fast. If, however, the settings are adjusted to preserve battery life, the battery lasts easily for more than two hours (well, that's still depending on what you're doing - playing CD's or DVD's it'll obviously drain faster).One major drawback of this laptop is its considerable weight; at 8 lbs it serves well for a dedicated workout of various muscle groups when lugging it around.On the other hand, the display is clear and bright enough to use as a replacement for a 17" CRT tube. With its 15" LCD display it offers almost the same visible area. If resolutions higher than the LCD's 1024x768 are required an external monitor can be attached - but in order to do the higher resolutions justice my recommendation is to attach at least a 19" CRT or an 18" LCD externally.While the keyboard takes a bit of time to get used to, it operates better than a lot of the cheap "standard" keyboards quite often included in package deals for desktop machines.Toshiba also paid attention to detail when placing the DELETE key. While a lot of other notebook manufacturers place it too close to a key like Shift, BackSpace or Enter, thus risking accidental deletion of characters, the key is easily accessible on the keyboard, yet sufficiently separated from these two other keys that one does not accidentally operate it.After some initial adjustment of its sensitivity, I've also come to appreciate the glide pad, even though I used to swear by the razor-tip control offered by my previous notebook and laptop computers.With the excellent sound provided by this system, and the fact that it is one of the quietest laptops I have encountered to date, this is a pretty good buy.
I haven't had any problems with this printer in the 2+ years I've been using it, but there are some things you need to know before you buy this printer. First, this is not a printer for personal use, it is intended for a workgroup of graphic designers. It's capable of printing pages that are over 17&quot; wide, and it has high-end capabilities that only a professional would need (or even care about). And since most professional graphic designers use Macs, that might explain why the PC users are having all the problems.Because this is a pro-level printer, it's very important to read the instructions carefully. I had a hard time getting it to recognize paper sizes until I sat down and studied the manual, and since then it's worked perfectly.Lastly, this printer is huge. Turning it on takes 10 minutes, so we never turn it off. I gave it four stars instead of five, because we the printer is technically overkill for us, and trying to get the RIP software and color matching to work was too much trouble for us. Plus, it's pretty much outdated nowadays, especally with the Epson 2200 that's now available.
Amazon.com's listing for this item has almost no information, so here it is. This item is a box of six DVD cases. The cases are the standard size for DVD cases, i.e. 7.5&quot; high and 5.25&quot; wide, except that they're about half as thick (1/4&quot;). Each case can hold one DVD securely and a second DVD not-so-securely, if necessary. Each case is made of clear plastic, and on the outside is a pocket into which you can slide an artwork sleeve.
This product is a waste of money and I can't strongly enough recommend users away from it. First, the sound quality is just not very high. I barely noticed an improvement from using the computer's on-motherboard sound. This product slightly, but definitely noticeably, gives off a clipped &amp; distorted sound, like a poorly encoded MP3. In addition, this product isn't well magnetically shielded, and must be placed as far as possible from any other part of your computer - not so easy when it's packaged with such a short USB cord.Playing a CD through my computer and this soundcard, vs just playing the CD from a Discman, showed a night and day difference - the sound from this product can't compare. Running this product through recording software, even with short shielded wires, showed me a background hiss of -55 dB. Most consumer electonics will have S/N ratios a few orders of magnitude better than that. You wouldn't want to record your LP collection using this product, which is part of the reason I bought it.In addition, the product is buggy. It worked fine at the beginning, and then as I added to my computer and changed the system configuration, it would act very erraticly. If I plugged the device into different USB ports, it would have completely different behaviors, none of which were correct. The installation software is buggy, I've been caught it loops where trying to exit merely re-starts the installer!Creative's Support was very quick and attentive, but not helpful. I know computers well, and I've worked with plenty of hardware, but I've never experienced such a buggy product. As the product is so mediocre even when it is working, I can't recommend this product to anyone.
I've owned this camera for about half a year. This is my second digital camera, after the low-end but generally well-regarded Canon A510. This camera is a definite step up in size and price, but I'm not entirely satisfied with it. While the overall picture quality is undeniably better than the 510, I think the very large amount of noise almost kills the FZ7. This camera shows noise even at ISO 80 and 100, is barely usable at ISO 200, and is kind of a joke at ISO 400. The ISO 800 & 1600 modes are fun for taking snapshots in dark areas, but are comparable to a camera-phone in quality.The noise problem is mitigated by the excellent image stabilization (which helps by two steps - or being able to use ISO 100 in ISO 400 situations, which is probably a more realistic way to think of it), but only partially. The camera also has occasional issues with purple fringing and poor automatic white balance. Finally, the large display is very low-resolution, and given to weird moray effects.On the positive side, it's an excellent lens (which is rather fast, especially on the long end of the zoom), the user interface is rather efficient and easy to use, the build quality is excellent, it feels comfortable in the hand, and it's substantially cheaper than the similar Canon S3. The size is compact enough that it can be squeezed into a pants pocket and definitely fits into a jacket pocket, which greatly increases the chances that I'll take it with me.Personally, though, while I enjoy using this camera, I think the image quality is only half a step up from pocket-size cameras, and can't even compete with an entry-level DSLR.
I have no complaints about these radios other than battery life. They have great range, great voice quality, great capabilities. When used frequently, the battery life is not great, but it lasts as long as we generally need it (60 min of talk time).
you sent me the wrong item. the item you sent me was suppose to go to MR. FELIZ BIRDI. WROONG ITEM/i really don't know what your going to do.
I'LL USE TIS ONE MORE THAN MY OTHERS. PERFECT GTEAT PIECE OF EQUIQIPMENT./IT IS A SIMPLE LITTLE PIECE. BU IT'S A&#34;A MUST HAVE&#34;.
After spending a month checking out iPod speakers, I have to put in my two cents.I went back and forth with the Altec Lansing im600 and something bigger.The Griffin is about bass response. Wood cabinet like a real speaker. The Altec is great if you want to carry your speakers aound, but think about it. A two inch speaker CANNOT deliver good bass. The Griffin sports a 5 inch subwoofer. Enough said. Really no comparison if you like to hear and feel the bass in your music. While nifty for many reasons and very high quality in the mid and treble range, the Altec (or any other 2" speaker) just doesn't deliver on bass. The Griffin is equal in price and has a MUCH fuller sound. Comes down to portability. I wanted something that I could pop my iPod into when I came home and listen to without thinking, "I can't hear the bass! This would be cool, but something is missing.." Why do you think they have a "Subwoofer out" on the Altec? Of course you will never get the stereo separation from the Griffin. If you want that, plug your iPod into your HOME STEREO, not a little mini speaker system. Very pleased with the great value of this unit, with comparable sound to the Apple HiFi for less than half the price.
I used an almost identical unit from Panasonic for many years until the muff on the earpiece came apart. This unit should last as long. Highly recommended if you are not into modern wireless pieces.
OK first off... this is 2006... what kind of new electronics uses a serial cable? Lets get real Garmin!Now I should note that I downloaded EasyGPS and loaded waypoints for Geocaching through the serial cable without a hitch and zero configuration. Nice little program.Good news is you can buy a converter which will allow you to use USB for your laptop. This cost me $13 bucks. Do a google and you should find several options.A friend of mine has a Vista. You should know that the legend and the Vista use the *SAME* antenna, so you are not upgrading your reception if you buy a more expensive model. Our reception and navigation was identical. The higher end ones really don't do much for usability. They only give you some "niffty" features like knowing the sunset time, elevation, etc. Really these aren't things that will help you navigate. Color doesn't seem to be useful either (at least as far as geocaching goes)The backlight is great at night, no problems whatsoever seeing the screen.The only reason you would want to upgrade from the etrex is if you want a GPS for road navigation OR to get a better antenna.I have had this GPS in very thick cover in PA and in my car and have never had a problem with getting satellites.So in my opinion if your looking at the vista or this go with this, if you want to spend extra cash then get something with a better antenna.
These are NOT crimp type pins. They are flag type and must be soldered if you wish a strong connection. The photo is deceptive as it is not clear enough to tell they are not crimp type.
Not much to say - it is a battery. It makes electrical things operate. The price on-line was about one-third of that in local stores, so I ordered it. Check with me in 10 years and I'l tell you if it's as long-lived as advertised.
This printer is flat out for the money the best little printer you can buy. In a side by side comparison to snapfish I would say that snapfish produces a slightly sharper image than is made with this printer, however it blows the doors off wal-mart or costco prints.You also can't beat how easy it is to use this printer.
There are already over two dozen five-star reviews, so I'll just echo the consensus that this cable works great. It's definitely a USB 2.0 cable -- I have a USB device that will not work with a USB 1.1 connection. I use this cable to connect my Xbox 360 to my Xbox Vision camera, which is about over 20 week away, and it works great.I previously had a powered USB hub at the half-way point, but that hub died. This cable is much better -- no need to plug it in, and I don't need any other USB cables to reach my device.
I purchased the 1 GB, 4GB and 2GB for what I would have paid for one. It is a great product. I have had Kingston products before and find they are lasting and you get what they say you get. I received the shipment on time and in excellent condition. Cannot say much more except if you need a memory stick- buy a Kingston through them or Amazon. Great value.
These buds lasted about a year and a half. The sound was good, the comfort level was pretty good, but one day when putting them on the plastic in the headpiece snapped, rendering them useless. I did not abuse them, and probably had them on about 100 times. The durability could be better.
I have been using SanDisk flash drives for at least 5 years and I couldn't be more pleased with them. Three months ago I bought this 4GB one, I use it on a regular basis and it does a great job.
I purchased the Tamerac 5684 so when I went someware with my camera I would not have to lug my large bag along.I have a S7000 and a S9000 Fuji which this bag fits to a tee,camera (one at a time ) spare batteries,filters,lens cleaning tools and WhiBal card all fit with roon to spare.The bag can be carried with the shoulder strap,top handle or belt loops. The bag is very well built and professional looking,a real good value for the price.
...these speakers may look oddly shaped to you but dont befooled buy their appearince. these little darlings can go head-to-head with my floor standing models and win! they are only 10 inches high and pack quite a wallop when the volume is cranked up,microphone and headphone jacks on the right speaker for ease,large knobs, and no cumbersome Dc transformer to find a slot for,Its built right into one of the speakers. one minor drawback is that the power switch is built into the volume knob,like the transistor radios we use to have as kids. if you remember the volume knob was the first thing to go on those minature radios. i hope it doesent on these. they are still well worth buying...
I was considering buying a laptop, but hated the weight and the thought of protecting it from theft. I take this to meetings/seminars/mountains and write there. The batteries last a long long time on the Palm. If you take notes even moderately often, you'll thank yourself. I wish I'd had this in grad school. You can sync to your computer and it goes into outlook, then save to whatever file you want, and voila, computer word processed document.
Superb optics to shorten the working distance for close-up work, very little color fringing and no visible distortion. Nice piece of glass.
I don't know whether or not it's the MDR-V700DJ's 50-mm drivers or the MDR-V6's 40-mm drivers that makes the slight difference in sound. Both of these are EXCELLENT headphones. Although the MDR-V6 are an EXCELLENT choice and an industry standards, I thought the sound was a tad bit less full sounding than the MDR-V700DJ's. It may just be that the sound pressure level (?) was greater on the MDR-V700's since they have larger drivers. I am very impressed with BOTH headphones, and I will most likely be doing the mastering of my musical projects with both headphones, as well as with my monitoring speakers (Event Project Studio 8 monitors, excellent!).
For a very small price, this radio does all you would ask it to. If you like listening to AM radio (I like sports on radio) then this is an excellent cost effective piece of equipment to own. Nothing flashy, just sold performance.
This device shares palms usual lack of committment to quality. I had one and it had to be returned in a few days because several features did not work. These included holding a charge and other things.The second one worked reasonably well, but it would sync and then would not sync. Nothing had changed on my computer, just the calendar date. The software seems to be very immature, even though it has been out for quite some time.Palm needs to get a grip on quality.They need to stabilize their software.They need to stop gouging the public on support of their buggy product.The only reason they have any market share is that seemingly there are no better/reasonably priced products on the market.
This cable works very well. It's casing is a little bulky (might not work well under carpet), but the built in casing splitting is a nice touch.
I am not a professional or expert photographer...so take these comments with this in mind.I have two Canon cameras, a 40D and a 60D. I have two other Canon IS USM lenses, a 17-55 f2.8 and a 70-300 f4-f5.6. I bought this lens to fill the gap between the two.I haven't had this new lens very long, but here are my initial impressions... First, it's shorter (when zoomed out), lighter and smaller in diameter than the 17-55 f2.8 lens that was previously our typical carry-around lens. Obviously, it doesn't work as well in low light as the f2.8 lens, but that's to be expected. Still, it takes very nice pictures, and doesn't seem too limited by the smaller aperture. The colors seem accurate, and the IS seems to work very well.The barrel doesn't rotate, either when zooming or focusing, so it is possible to use filters that rely on a fixed orientation. This is not the case with my 70-300mm zoom...that lens rotates as it focuses. Though it isn't a big deal to me, others might be more concerned with this.My only complaint with this lens is that, unlike my other two Canon IS USM zoom lenses, it will extend under it's own weight when the camera is facing down. And there is no lock (again, unlike my other two lenses) to keep it in it's shortest length during transport. This annoys me when I'm carrying the camera.Comparing pictures taken with this lens to those taken with my 70-300 lens (at 70 and 135...the widest two lengths common to both lenses)...this lens seemed to have slightly more vivid colors, and a wider DOF. The depth of field was to be expected, I'd think, given the shorter lens and slightly larger aperture. The more vivid colors, I guess, could be explained the same way, though the difference was very small. Both lenses produced very nice results, IMO.My lens was a white-box lens...which was not mentioned in the product description. I half-expected this, given that the price I paid was low...lower even than the current prime price shown on Amazon for this item. But I would like to have seen the item description accurately state this up front. The lens came wrapped in a single layer of bubble-wrap inside a plain white cardboard box. This was, in turn, shipped inside a slightly larger box and padded with packing paper. There was no documentation or software included (save for the warranty card, which WAS included), as you'd get with a lens sold in retail packaging...so be aware that this is the case. Nonetheless, my lens arrived quickly, and intact. My order was fulfilled by ALLTIMEDEALS.
I've been very happy with this sound system, although I've been using it in conjunction with separate front speakers in a 7 channel system. The extra satellites help enormously when trying to fill dead zones in the room.
Aside form the fact that Canon charges an arm and a leg for a 1 dollar piece of plastic, the remote switch does work well. It does not feel very sturdy and does not seem nearly as well built as the Canon cameras. People with big hands may have a little trouble using this product. Overall, a "must have" addition for anyone interested in long exposures, images with excellent sharpness and depth of field.
The ink cartridges sold by Databazaar arrived in what was labeled as Lexmark new, but on opening the package it was:1.) Refurbished2.) The wrong cartridges (I ordered new 32/33, refurbished 23/24 arrived)My printer said it was running low, so I ordered new ink. When it arrive the outer box was labeled 32/33, so I didn't open it until the existing ink ran out, which was 30+ days later. Only then did I discover their was different ink inside.I emailed the seller and told them exactly what happened. I proposed the solution of sending me new ink, and including a prepaid label that I could use to send the wrong ink back. They refused because it was over 30 days. The best they would do on a "special exception" basis was take the ink back if I paid shipping. So I'm out the $8 on a $54 purchase because of THEIR mistake.So if you order from Databazaar, the lesson learned is to fully open the ink on arrival. Don't trust the outer packaging to show you what's inside.
I bought this antenna a few weeks ago after a lot of research. I was looking to replace a set of rabbit ears to get a better signal to see if I could get my TV to PC converter to display Digital Signals. (That didn't happen, but it wasn't the antenna's fault.)During my research, I searched for 4221 and came up with a site that has the gain figures for a lot of commercially available TV antennas. The author used numerical methods to evaluate them. Only the 4228 had more gain, but it looked like it would be way too big to use in an apartment.(I'm batching it right now, so no women are around to complain about it! :-) )The only problem with the antenna was, as another reviewer stated, was the wing nuts were too small. I've tried 10-32, and they are too smal, and 1/4-20 are too big. (I'm not hauling the antenna to Home Depot to get the right size!) Luckily, the transformer leads were stripped, and as its inside, they are OK just wrapped around the studs.Originally, I just used the new antenna, and got channels 24, 33, and 36, plus 10 and 12. The review site I mentioned said that this antenna would work on high VHF, and it does. Then, I decided to see if I could use my rabbit ears and the new antenna. The results were surprising.My rabbit ear antenna has a cable input, and a switch to select between that input and the rabbit ears. I tried hooking the new antenna's cable to the cable input on the rabbit ears, and got a couple of additional channels. I never got channel 8 on the rabbit ears, but with them hooked into the circuit, and with the switch set on cable, I get 3, 8, 10, 12, 24, 33, and 36. Channel 3 is a little better with the rabbit ears selected, but I can only get 8 and 12 with the cable selected. I have the rabbit ears behind the 4221, so I must be getting some sort of signal reinforcement from the rabbit ears.The back of the antenna is a 1" wire mesh. It is supposed to work as a reflector. I've been wondering what would happen if I covered the mesh with aluminum foil. Its a better conductor than steel, and is solid. The waves are too long to pass much energy through the mesh, but I'm sure there is some leakage.Anyway, I'm glad I got this antenna.
Well, darn. When I connected my monitor to the KVM and then to my PC.. nothing. Not switching cables, not pressing the flip switch. Sorry to say, couldn't get it to work at all.
Honestly, not even worth one star. Completely quit working after not even 3 months of use. Spend your money else where.
My In-Laws needed a way to play their cable audio output through either their TV or their stereo, and the cable box only has one set of audio output jacks. The TV audio input cables were already running to the cable box, so I put these between the cable box jacks and the TV audio plugs, so I wouldn't have to run the other audio cables to the TV. I ran the cables on this adapter to the stereo, and tried it. It worked perfectly the first time. My wife, my in-laws, and I were happy.
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this PIECE OF JUNK! Spend a little more and buy a DVD player that will not ruin your DVD collection. It left terrble scretches on some of my favourite DVDs after only one viewing. Now I had to buy a $30 DVD repair kit to remedy the damage. You do the math!
These headphones work exactly as I expected. They let my kid watch TV without me having to hear Sponge Bob in the background. Also, the transmitter is compatible with the Bravo IR headphones that we have in the minivan.There is a constant hiss in the background, so they wouldn't be suitable for listening to music. But for quietly watching TV and movies, they work great! I should've bought them years ago.
This pair of adapters does the job! Connect one adapter to your router and the other(s) to your computer, and viola! You have a home network. They work so well that I bought a second pair to connect additional computers and game systems.I didn't measure LAN performance. But when I used an 802.11g wireless connection my network-intensive applications (X-box Live, Skype) did not work very well over wireless. After switching to Powerline AV they both worked perfectly.No software setup was needed - it just worked right out of the box. I found that the adapters work better in some outlets than others (perhaps on different electric circuits?), and even turning the adapter up-side-down and plugging it in the other way might make a better connection.
I had this camera for less than 2 years and used it only on rare occasions - you know, holidays and special events - so it has pretty low usage. Yet it has decided not to work. It turns on foe a second or two (with brand new batteries) then shuts itself off. Rearranging batteries and resetting factory default settings no help. Had similar reliability problems with another fujifilm camera. Fool me once shame on you, twice shame on me! Goodbye Fujifilm - forever!
The outstanding audio characteristics of the Grado SR-60s have been discussed at length in many other reviews, so it will suffice for me to say that they lived up to expectations in that regard. Great sound. The only caveat with the Grados seemed to be comfort, there being repeated extant complaints regarding headband tightness and ear pad issues. I'm pleased to report that these are no longer a factor. The Grados now ship with the "replacement" ear pads that customers formerly had to resort to. Whether the headband has been altered I cannot say, since this is my first pair of Grados, but the one on my SR-60i's is perfectly comfortable, not too tight at all. To sum, these headphones provide quality, comfortable listening right out of the box.
I've been using this card on a daily basis for the past week-and-a-half, having shot nearly 500 photographs in England and Portugal, and it has performed without a flaw. Highly recommended!
Installed easily into a 2002 Mac "Quicksilver".It came well packaged.Wasn't the cheapest, but it has a well known (to me) name that has never let me down before.
delivery was fine but they sent me the 100-300mm instead of the 75-300mmthat was kindof a bummer and they didnt call me and ask first.i just kept it and delt with it.
I purchased this TV for use in my home office, since I tend to watch most movies in that room. When the TV arrived, it did not work out of the box. I had no problems in reaching a person at Toshiba's help line, but I quickly found out that I could not return it for a new TV, which was incredibly frustrating. Instead, I had to register the TV, then take it to a Toshiba authorized service center for repair. Because this happened just before the Christmas season, the length of time for the repair was a little longer than it would've been otherwise. (A seasonal thing, obviously, so I can't fault anyone for that.) The gentleman at the repairshop was able to diagnose the problem right away, but indicated that the part had to be ordered. Basically, the TV would turn on, and I could get audio, but no video. I also was not able to access any of the TV's menus, obviously, because of the video problem.It's a great TV, and has worked absolutely wonderfully since the day I got it back from the repair shop. I still recommend the TV, despite the problem I had with it, but I would suggest not purchasing high ticket items like this online. You might pay a little more getting a TV from a big box store, but you at least know that if it doesn't work out of the box, you can return it and get a new one in exchange on the same day and not suffer the hassles I had to.Otherwise, I very much recommend this TV if you have need for one in a small room.
A couple months ago I bought a black 2 gig ipod nano, for just $50. Why??? I simply didn't want to spend a couple hundred $ for an MP3 player. Yes it was partly used, but the person selling it bought it for his wife and she never used it(I bought the ipod off of Craigslist) so I got it. It was missing the USB cable and docking thing, so I bought the cord off Ebay for a couple bucks. I didn't see any reason to buy the docking port, and so I just stuck with the USB cable. Instead of downloading music off the internet, I just took songs off of Cds I had. And wow, does 2 gig hold quite a bit! The nano works great except for one thing, the battery. My battery work for about 6 hours, more or less.I am not sure if that is the average battery time for a second generation Ipod nano, but it does seem kind of short.Some of the features I liked about the ipod was the fact it kept world time, and has a pretty detailed calendar in which you can mark days.Right now my nano has a couple thousand pictures on it, once I put into it over 10,000 photos, and it took over an hour to get all of them downloaded! No surprise, it took a huge chunk of memory, so I erased most of them. To keep you entertained, there a four games:music quiz, parachute, solitare, and brick.One other feature I'd like to point out is the hold switch on top. It's very useful if you are the kind of person who carries their player everywhere. Once the switch is on, nothing you press will turn it on.I recommend the ipod nano to all music lovers!!!
With its external speaker my five year old cant get enough of this mp3 player; so much so that i have to replace the battery every day or two. Thank God it requires just 1 AAA battery.
I have been using these earphones with my ipod Nano for about a month now and I am very pleased with them. Are they the greatest sounding earphones I auditioned? No, but they cost less than half the price of any that sounded noticeably better. I sincerely believe that they are the best earphones unless you are willing to spend $170 - $200, and I wasn't interested in spending that much for the sound improvement. A couple of things: 1) I wear glasses and I have not noticed any noise associated with this. The cable has a bendable end on it and you simply shape it so that it does not rub on your glasses. I do have a pair of Sony waterproof earphones that I wear when I run because I do not want the sound isolation then or the perspiration running in them. 2) The bass is not great, but better than most in this price range. 3) The treble is fine. Not quite as good as a more expensive set, but again, IMO, best in this price range. 4) They isolate the sound very well if you fit them properly. I am still using the ends that came on them and they fit great right out of the box. 5) Vocals are very clear. 6) Separation and imaging is very good.If you order these, you will not be disappointed as long as you are not expecting $200 sound out of these $70 earphones. If you are looking for outstanding, thumping bass, you will need to consider over-the-ear headphones.
This speakers really does worth u money, even only 10 watts yeah it rock so good, can get pretty lound even for my laptop) So good sound for dvd and mp3 sound, buy it, perfect for laptop users !
I've had this drive for about 6 months now. It always works perfectly and I've used it on several different computers. It truly is plug and play.I only wish I bought a bigger drive, but that's not SimpleTech's fault!!All in all, a great drive that I highly recommend.
I didn;t use this for pc but for home theather, was actually quite good, sub is big, i heard z5500 is bigger and fix little bit of z680 problem, so i probably won;t recommand u get z680 over z5500 or the new wireless one unless u find price much lower than those 2, but his one is aleady fully loaded, support DTS, THX, a must for DTS sound fan, however Dolby is almost not much are impress codec in this speaker. Overall Excellent value.
Pros:1. Comfortable Fit2. Above Average Signal Quality3. Great Value For $$$Cons:1. Poor Insulated Wiring2. Prefer The Angled Jack3. No CaseBest "Prime" Choice For The $$$
these sennheiser px 100 headphones are the best 'bang for the buck' product i've ever purchased. anybody who rates these headphones under 5 stars either has a faulty set of phones,a terrible source unit, or bad hearing.right out of the box these beauties sounded fab, with great bass,wonderful highs, and liquid midrange.if i had received these as a gift and was later told they cost$200.00, i would not have been surprised.as for comfort, i walk about ninety minutes each day and i can hardly feel these on my head.this is a no brainer, if you can get these headphones for under$50.00, it'll be one of the best bargains you ever made. actually,it doesn't matter what you pay; this is a greatheadphone!based on a cost vs performance rating, i would easily give this product 10 stars.03/16/10 update:i've had these beauties now going on 4 years; they still work and sound fantastic.one thing i never did with these headphones was put them in the carrying case; maybe the constant folding and other maneuvers one does to get them to fit in the case shortens their life. i don't know.what i do know is i paid @$40.00 for these and it's still the best bang for the buck i've ever done.
Used as a travel case for phone/media devices. All necessary electronic accessories fit well inside this case.Really a great method to stay organized during extended air(land) travels. Protects sensitive electronics.Only fault discovered is that the top portion of the case has a mesh net to help contain items - only problem is that the mesh netting is rather loose preventing smaller items from being secured.Case is somewhat soft and flexible - Product is well worth the $$$
For 50 plus dollar, might seen been too much for just a keyboard, of course is for everyone, but for gamer, or want a keyboard that is cool looking and conform, this is the one you want. No need to spend nearly 100 dollar for the other keyboard, this got the feature you need but does suffer some cons.Pro: Blue Backlight all timeConform keyboard and padFast key reponseGood amount of key for shortcut and hotkeyGood Look2 USB PORTVolume and Zoom ControlPrice good for what it offerCons: No razer logo anywhere on the keyboard eventhough it is co production from microsoft and razer.Back can't be turn off when the pc is on.Missing couple key hot key such as no mute, skip, homepage etc..No headphone or microphone, bu tno keyboard at this price ranger included.Overall, no doubt this is the best keyboard if youn plan to spend a above average mid range price tag for a gaming keyboard. To be honese i think this keyboard look better than any logitech keyboard has to offered.
When i was on the ship, this headphone was help me to had some privacy by blocking unwanted noise. Sound Good, Battery is good i think is 50+ hours. Is good price as well. Easy to fold, all the feature u need for traveler.
The Belkin anti-static wrist band offers a decent level of quality for the price.this wrist band is approx. 18" in length when fully coiled, and approx. 4 feet in length when fully stretched.the velcro is of high quality and secures firmly to your wrist.the velcro strap is a bit short in length (9.5") - yet it still fits okay.there is a swivel connector that allows for more free movement while maneuvering.that swivel connector is attached by a button snap that functions as a quick release (sort of).while the alligator clip opens approx. 1/2", it'll only securely fasten to metal objects that are 3/8" thick or less.the alligator clip is detachable and is secured by a pressure clip.
There is no doubt that this is a fantastic lens. It's well built, very fast, produces amazing photos, and is almost silent. But is it worth nearly $1000 more than the f1.4? That's what you have to decide. For me the answer is "No." While there is something about that little red line that Canon puts on their "L" lenses that is sexy, this baby is just a bit overkill for me. It's very specialized meaning it's great for portrait work (especially on a small frame camera) but lacks the versatility of a tele-photo. Since I'm a wedding photographer I need something that doesn't have to be taken on and off the camera a lot.If you can afford it and still feed your family then by all means go for it. If not, settle on the f1.4.
I compare price everywhere, this bad is even cheaper than ebay third party bag, is really good, is has enougt space for me to fit Nikon D40x, 55-200mm VR with hood and lens kit with hood as well, i sure might also got space for the sb400 flash. Is good quality.
This len is great! I had use this len for about a month, had try just about any setting (from museum, park, indoor, outdoor at night, event) Let me point out i used this for d40x, i had d40 before, picture cameout too soft, but after i got d40x due to higher pixels, picture came out sharper. I compare side to side with this lens to 50mm 1.8d lens at night perfomance and indoor, this thing is a winner, even if i manual focus 50mm 1.8d right target i still get burry time to time but not with 55-200mm VR, also does heck better job in micro! (u had to use manual) This thing shine at zoom. is not the longest. But is good for most event. This lens does great job able to capture some faster movie object like bird. Cons are obvious the range, 55mm can be too much in indoor and a area not much space. If you got the money go for 18-200mm vr possible the best lens for all in one. But this lens you can't pass by if you own a kit lens and just start shopping for the second one.
This adapter was purchased because of the convenience that Amazon Prime eligibility offered. Note that while this review was created, this product no longer had said eligibility as this often fluctuates.The RCA adapter that I received measured in at 8 1/2" end to end. Despite the excess plastic flashing that appears on the connectors, they seem to have been manufactured and assembled well. Regardless, it would be best to use caution while connecting/disconnecting.The signal provided is typical of what you would expect to get from RCA stereo. The wiring is rather thin but overall this product has good value.
The player is good, better than archos. But if you have any problems with the software or hardware, forget any sort of response from CL customer service. They suck!
This is a basic sound card. Nothing fancy. The thing that seperates it from the rest is that Creative is a huge company and has drivers available for all Windows (the Linux/BSD world probably supports this thing, I haven't checked). This is as close to plug and play as you can get.That guy who ranted about this card crashing his system needs to buy a clue and check his IRQs, not to mention dump Windows ME (which *Microsoft* doesn't even stand by).
In my employer's infinite wisdom, the powers-that-be bought these instead of the higher volume laser printers we used to have. For at least a year, maybe closer to 18 months, this little workhorse has valiantly done it's best to keep up, usually printing 100+ pages a day, every day, if not much more. It's never turned off.I am the one called on whenever there's a problem beyond changing cartridges. Most of those are wear and tear, permissions problems on this computer with its 16 users, or someone "accidentally" changed the wrong option. Because of this, when we got new XP computers I left it as a plug and play device. It worked well until I needed more features. It's a plain printer with few bells and whistles, though installing the drivers will add a few more features. The flat top is convenient as a shelf until I need to open it to change cartridges. However, it seems wider than it needs to be.Only now is it having paper handling issues. It rarely jams, but on about half the print jobs at least one sheet will not load correctly. Only a few lines get printed and the rest of the page prints on the next sheet. The rollers prefer to avoid picking up the last few pages in the cartridge, easily solved by loading more into it. I suspect that is a wear issue, but then it is quite over matched for the job anyway. I have used card stock, cheap paper, and high quality photo paper in it, all without additional problems.I mostly use "fast draft" and that really helps keep the ink consumption lower. Otherwise it's about average and has worked well with the refurbished cartridges "they" buy. With regular color cartridges, it can make nice photos, more than good enough to hang on the office wall. I'd imagine with an actual photo cartridge it might be better. Loading the ink is a bit easier than in my old HP 990 since the opening seems a bit bigger. I particularly like the "Black Text" option, which many others don't have.I am now buying one for my home, which is a much more suitable environment for it to begin with. It's far from perfect, but it's the best I've worked with in a while.
CANNOT BELIEVE THE NUMBER OF CONSUMERS WHO HAD THE SAME PROBLEM AFTER TWO YEARS.COULD NOT POWER ON, TRIED EVERYTHING!IF WE COULD GET IT ON, WE COULDN'T TURN IT OFF FOR FEAR IT WOULD NOT WORK.THEN, THE WORST OF IT, WON'T POWER ON AT ALL AND WE CANNOT TURN IT OFF!FOLLOW UP:CALLED SAMSUNG A NUMBER OF TIMES WITHIN A FEW DAYS...ON HOLD, DISCONNECTED, COULD NOT FIND A SUPERVIOSR, NO TELEPHONE NUMBER FOR CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS. KEPT AT IT, AND THE ANSWER...THE TV FALLS OUT OF THE PRODUCTION RANGE THAT SAMSUNG WILL ADDRESS. YES, THEY UNDERSTAND THAT IT IS A CAPACITOR PROBLEM. A SERVICE TECH WILL CONTACT US WITHIN A FEW DAYS TO SET UP AN APPT...WITH NO REDUCTION IN FEE OR REPAIR SERVICE!TRIED TO APPEAL THEIR POLICY IN A STRONG BUT NICE WAY, CITING BACKUP FACTS....SO SORRY...CORPORATE POLICY...THEY CAN'T DO ANYTHING FOR US!NOW FOR THE UPDATE....WE WERE PREPARING TO PURCHASE A NEW TV, THEN STUMBLED UPON A SITE ON YOU TUBE THAT TEACHES YOU HOW TO REPLACE THE CAPCITORS. THEN SEARCHED FOR AND FOUND A SITE ON LINE THAT SOLD THE CAPICTORS AS ADVISED. IF YOU ARE REASONABLY HANDY, YOU CAN REPLACE THEM TOO. THE JOB COST US APPROXIMATELY $22, SHIPPING BEING THE MOST EXPENSIVE PART OF THE DEAL! THE TV WORKS LIKE BRAND NEW!
regular mice suck! this trackball is great. had it for almost 2 years. very comfortable. need to buy another before it dissapears! worth the cash! using it right now..amazing.Jan '09- 4+years and still going strong!
If you want good quality printing at a good price. Then this printer will suit your needs.However, I am constantly having to replace the ink. And for some reason the printer can't sense when there IS PAPER LOADED.Started feeding fine. But now I have to push along every page in or else I get an "Out of paper" message.
I bought these to keep the horrible music at the gym out of my head. They are incredible and frankly, exceed the capacity of my ipod mp3's recorded standard mode.The cable is stiff and holds the back of my ear well. I train heavily on my road bike and these do an excellent job of not transmitting the wind noise into my ear. The music volume can be comfortable because it isn't contesting with the whistling the stock ear buds make. I bought a similar priced set of Sure SE310K when I misplaced the Super Fi's. The sound of these fully eclipse the Sure. The UE are very low and inconspicuous, the Sure's stick straight out and require deep seating in your ear canal to receive bass.Spend less on your mp3 player and buy these.
The case was advertised as going with the PORTABLE Bose sounddock I purchased when, in fact, it is only for the Bose sounddock. Consequently, it didn't fit and had to be returned. The advertising is wrong on it so look for the PORTABLE Sounddock case if that's the sounddock you buy.
Replacing a 12 year old Denon.The Yamaha is a simple, no frills CD changer. It installed easily and it is once again a pleasure to have 5 CDs in a row to play, shuffle etc.Easy installation...removed the old one and easily connected the new Yamaha.
I have had this for about a year and it has worked well. I specifically bought it to tune into radio, so I have not used the CD player and whatever functions it might have. Pretty light, 7 of 10 sound quality, can hang on wall, detachable speakers. Good for cost. I would recommend and buy for a gift.
This is an awesome monitor. I lucked out in not having any dead pixels. DVI and VGA in mean that this is ready for my next upgrade. The base is a little hard to adjust, but once you have the angle you like, so what?Powers up clean, image is very crisp, handles graphics just fine.
This is not "plug and play". Like ipods, zunes, and other microsoft hardware, a user has to install several software programs to get this worthless cam to work.This required software includes:* Windows Live Messenger. An annoying program which is a constant icon on your taskbar, and opens up whenever you start windows, and is almost impossible to uninstall.and two other programs... it took me two hours to install all the worthless programs I dont want.In addition, the cam base is terrible, and doesn't stand up well alone. It is IMPOSSIBLE to get the cam to hook to your modem screen.Remember, Microsoft bribes bloggers to say good things about its company.* A Wake-Up Call to Microsoft's PR Team, New york Times, David Pouge, January 25, 2007: "In 1998, the Los Angeles Times reported that Microsoft, during its antitrust trials, hired PR companies to flood newspapers with fake letters of support, bearing ordinary individuals' names but actually written by Microsoft PR staff."* Bribing Bloggers. eWeek December 27, 2006* Microsoft Allegedly Bullies and Bribes to Make Office an International Standard, 08.31.07, Michael Calore* Free blogger laptops get mixed reaction, St. Petersburg Times, Jan 10, 2007* Your Product, Your Customer, Forbes, May 7, 2007 "When Microsoft tried to promote its new Vista operating system, it sent laptops to influential bloggers. They were trying to control the conversation by seeding their version of the story with powerful voices online. It didn't work. Instead, it provoked a firestorm, with some claiming that Microsoft was trying to bribe bloggers."* Influential bloggers get free computers, Vista from Microsoft, ITWorld Canada, Jan 4, 2007All of these articles can be found under google news archives by typing these three words: Microsoft bribes bloggersBased on its terrible track record, and how terrible this cam is, I would not be surprised at the least bit if many of the positive reviews are by Microsoft employees and PR companies.
My Dell Dimension XPS 400 Windows 98 SE had the Linksys WMP54GS card in it and it used to work perfectly. (It worked perfectly the first time I installed it!) This computer has a modem and didn't have a wired ethernet card.I have installed and removed lots of networking and VPN software on this machine. Apparently the Windows 98SE Operating System has drivers and modules and registry entries in it that don't let it boot up when this card is in the machine.I got so frustrated I considered moving to Windows XP home (clean install). Then I considered the cost and the possibility that there might be a problem with the machine that would still preclude correct operation of the WMP54GS.So I bought a new Dell Desktop with Windows XP Home, and then installed this card.It works flawlessly. No issues at all.The nightmare of weekend after weekend trying to get this card to work in the Dell XPS R400 Windows 98 SE finally ended!My conclusion - if the wireless card doesn't work after a day's effort on an old machine and operating system, then give up or buy a current machine with windows XP. Unless you have nothing else to do with your life and find struggling with technology that doesn't work to be your life's ambition.It appears that older computers and operating system, have unique charateristics that preclude using wireless cards. It might be in the BIOS that recognizes cards, it might be bus speed, it might be the use of PCI connector pins, it might be the operating system, it might be the incompatibility with the cards driver. I don't feel compelled to diagnose what is wrong.Looking back, it appears that the newer wireless lan cards are throughly tested on Windows XP and Windows 2000 computers (the install is usually much easier according to my wealthier friends) and minimally tested on Windows 98 SE and Windows ME computers.By the way, a generic wired LAN card works perfectly in the Dell XPS R400 Windows 98 SE.Had I known that wired was the way to go, I'd have spent the time wiring the house with CAT5 cable connected to a 4 way router, and have had it working in a weekend.Wireless is easy only with new technology.
You can't beat the price, and it's a solid brand as well (from my experience).
This is a nice case for 4 SD cards. It will hold them safely and securely (as long as the case is closed). It is not waterproof.At some point, the lock's hinge will fail, and then I'll be using rubber bands to keep it closed. Why? Because the hinge is a very thin piece of plastic (for flexibility), the same plastic as the case. These hinges can be opened only so many times before they fail by tearing. I would have much preferred a more substantial hinge, with a metal pin. Then I'd be confident that the case would last a long time.And I can't understand why there is a clip and chain for clipping "to a camera strap or belt loop." If I am putting expensive SD cards in the case, especially cards with image files, I am NOT going to clip it my camera strap or belt loop. I will put in a very secure location.If I had purchased this in a brick and mortar store, I would return it next time I was at the store. Returning to Amazon is not economic, especially because the case costs only $8.
They say it does, but I've had mine since last June and I still get an error everytime I turn on the computer. It will acknowledge that there's a router nearby, but it refuses to connect.I've had problems with installing it as well. It would request the Windows 98SE disk that came with the computer, and when I inserted the disk, it would say it couldn't find what it was looking for.Motorola tech support is no help, b/c I asked them what was wrong and they said I needed to download drivers, but that wasn't the case. I just needed to find the cabs file in my Windows folder. An easy fix that I had to find from a random tech site.I'm currently shopping for another adapter, so if you have Win98SE, I would strongly recommend NOT buying this adapter.
I bought this storage tower years ago.Unfortunately, the other reviewers are correct.This product was a waste of money as it seems to always tip over if I were to completely fill the slots with cd's.I'm sure the other consumers purchased this because of its sleek appearance. I know that was my reason. You want a rack that isn't going to move each time you place or remove a cd.It's like playing the game, Don't spill the beans. In this case the cd's.You never know when you will completely knock it over and potentially damage your cd's.
It has a great sound and the price was about $20.00 less than my local Walmart for the same item. Hooray!
bought this to hook a dvd player up to an old console tv. Works great. Great for the kids to watch their kid stuff
I work from home and am on a ton of phone calls. Most headsets are small and wireless, which is great but they sacrifice sound quality and comfort (think 90 minute calls) for convenience. I thought these would give me great sound and comfort at the price of being bulky and corded, which is fine for me.The reality is they will work with my droid ... kind of. Sound is great most the time, but occasionally it's super faint. Most of the time the mic works almost too well as I had a co-worker point out I should mute while making tea because it was audible - something my two bluetooth headsets never picked up. But sometimes the mic just doesn't work, or I'm so faint no one can understand me. Also the sound only plays in my left ear. I suspect the converter is mono and there may be a workaround for this but I haven't investigated yet.Overall the headset works fine about 90% of the time, but that's just not good enough so back they go.
Get the DLINK 7 Port USB Hub. Much better product. I returned both of these.
This hub can actually handle mixed USB 1.1 1.0 and 2.0 devices without downgrading to 1.0. And, all of your USB inputs will go all the way into the hub for a secure connection. All those other hubs are junk. This is the best USB 2.0 hub!
I bought this for my wife as she frequently travels through CT, MA and Long Island in her Spiritual Direction and Prison Ministries. Because of the female digital voice, she named it Valerie. Valerie is smart. Valerie knows the area, wherevever she's been, like the back of her virtual hand. Valerie knows the names of the streets and tells you what they are by name. This is called Speech to Text. I call it the best feature on the Nuvi, especially in tight urban areas when the streets come at you like mosquitoes hitting your windshield at night in the Berkshires. Valerie came ready to travel, with a windshield mount that goes on easily, and stays there until YOU want it off, A/C and car chargers, and a slim leather carry case to protect her while she sleeps in the glove box. Miss a turn? No problem. Valerie will just say, "Recalculating," and find another route to get you where you need to be. Hungry, and don't know the area? Valerie does, and her database of restaurants will find you whatever type of food you're craving. Tired? Valerie knows where all the hotels are whereever you might be. Next trip, take a Nuvi with you. But make sure you give her (or him) a name. They like that personal touch.
I bought this to replace a several year old "B" wireless/router that had finally given out. The Linksys CD seems friendly and well-designed but I had a very unpleasant detour of several hours because Customer Service and I took that long to figure out I needed a DSL/Modem username and password I hadn't seen or touched in four years. And I had to go through a cumbersome sequence of trial and error to get back to an entry page for that in the Linksys wizard. (Hours.) Then, two problems. First, the Linksys signal was no great shakes, barely penetrating a wall or two and 30 feet. (I was using the built-in laptop wireless, but that was my test, since various friends would use wireless in our house and wouldn't all have the exact brand of add-on laptop modem). Second, my main laptop had a strong signal in my office from the Linksys but the laptop never actually accessed the internet wirelessly, even after putting in all the passwords, 15-digit security keys, re-running set up software, etc etc. (It said "Connected, Excellent Signal" but "nothing happened.") Numerous reboots and hassles. Finally I gave up with this Linksys. Instead I got an electric-socket based (power-line) system from a major brand - it worked perfectly in 3 minutes, even out in my garage.
If you live in a city with a crowded FM band (which would be most major cities), you will be very disappointed. Of the 8 possible frequencies, the Nashville area has stations on 6 of them. The two remaining frequencies sound like very distant FM stations... or possibly pretty good AM stations. AM quality is not what I was expecting. If you can pick up more than a couple of stations between 88.1 and 89.5, look elsewhere.
A few months ago, I got the standard base & wireless extender "kit." I was thrilled, because our one standard single wireless router never covered our house at all well. So far so good: worked in 5 seconds and fine internet connection.Now I work for a new employer and I'm constantly home-office using my labtop on a remote server. Perhaps because of the complex handshake & firewalls and sensitivity to any connection change, my wireless Powerline connection to the office server seemed jumpy and occassionally closed and I had to reenter with password. (REGULAR internet was fine.)My workday is now desk-based in a room distant from our DSL modem, I decided to try the cord-based extender XE102. It also plugs into a remote electric outlet in your home, but connects to PC with a short cord. I've gone from "happy" to "happier": my home-to-office server connection is now solid and fast. XE102 worked in 5 seconds too, just like the original wireless extender did from the original kit.NOTE: This item here, XE102 is only the remote extender. You need to base which sits next to your modem and sends the internet into your electric grid. The base is sold as a kit which includes 1 base and 1 'wireless' extender. This is an addition item, a remote, 'wired' extender. /// If I had just been using regular public internet, I wouldn't have needed this.
LensPEN is easy to use and so compact it fits perfectly in my camera bag without cramming my other lenses. I was skeptical when ordering, but I am very glad I have this product a chance. This is especially useful for the photographers who dislike using liquid sprays, or pre-moistened cloths, on their lenses.**Side Note:Make sure you dust off your lens prior to using this product! Debris on the lens prior to using this pen has the potential for surface scratching.
GOOD:I was very happy with light weight and keyboard feel.BAD:It was unbelievably slow to boot up on Vista.It died in the 11th month, after relatively light use.ANY LAPTOP USED FOR BUSINESS:Always back up current files on a thumb drive and back up to a portable hard drive regularly. As soon as I skipped three weeks in this cycle - kaput. I had a 4 GB thumb drive in my briefcase I hadn't touched in three weeks. I felt like an idiot. Pretend your laptop could die any day (any laptop) and you will be OK.
We have a slightly different Axion player where the 4" screen is on the outside and it flips open to place the DVD. Is the screen small and fuzzy? YES! Is the battery OK? Yes - a good 3-4 hours. I thought such a tiny, lightweight (half pound) unit was a toy, but our kids have used for a couple years and still going strong. We recently bought a classy 8" name brand DVD player, which weighed four pounds, and frankly, we took it back because we'd gotten use to the Axion and really just use at intervals of a few months like a 3 hr car trip. This idea of a light, no-trouble DVD player which weighs a half pound instead of 10" 4-5 lb units - this is a good format after all. (By the way, is the picture small and fuzzy - still yes.)
Works seamlessly with both Mac OSX and Win XP. An additional usb cable provided helped me a lot. I have this in my pocket and keep shuttling this between home and work editing the same files. Its wonderful.. I like the portablity. I just hope I dont loose this. I will stick in my address label on top, hoping a good samiratan will return if lost and found. I Recommend the product.&lt;P...
The setup was not difficult, and the server works generally well for my XP machine, but there is no Macintosh support. I shared the printer on the XP machine, but Mac still can't print to it--I get the error "unsupported personality:PCL" all day long. The product does not include software for the Macintosh.It is also expensive for what it is--a single port print server. Other users report problems with Vista.So you are better off buying a wireless printer. Lexmark makes these, and they support remote Macintosh printing. However the all-in-one models do not support remote scanning from a Macintosh, so beware.
I own it. If mine is typical, don't buy it. I've had mine about a year and it just hit the garbage can.Initially, it was a problem because the default display isn't on an output my TV or cable box default to. This meant blindly pushing buttons until I acciently found the secret handshake to get the menu on my display. It holds it there until a power failure, and then we start over again.Then, over time, it started having trouble recognizing blank disks. Then it would recognize the disk and record, but not be able to finalize the recording (sometimes, even though it showed a FINALIZE FAILURE, the disk would be OK. Sometimes not.) Finally, it just refused to recognize, record or finalize.All-in-all, this is the flakiest bit of electronics I've ever purchased. It's now at the big recycler in the sky, hopefully to become cell phone parts.
Well what can i say , HD MOVIES and tv shows , podcast , your own photos , yup i guess its a wonderful , tiny gadget connected to my TV , also it has the DIGITAL OPTICAL surround sound feature which gives you a great -cinematic experience , the only thing is , no shut down feature , !!!!!!! even in standby mode , you will hear the noise and it gets hot , so you have to plug it off . generally a great entertainment from apple as usual .
This is an above-average low-priced mono VCR, but it has one HUGE feature that no other widely available VCRs that I know of still offer - THE ABILITY TO RECORD IN LP (4 HOUR) MODE! Everyone knows that SP is the speed to choose for highest quality sound and picture, but when you want to record a 3 hour program and fit it on one tape, LP quality beats the heck out of SLP (EP) mode. I'm surprised sellers don't mention this as one of the features in their web site reviews, because LP record is the MAIN reason I purchased both the PV-V4022 and PV-V4523S (Hi-Fi stereo version, which also boasts LP record).Picture quality of SP and LP recordings are decent for this price range. Even the SLP mode is acceptable. Audio quality is on-par with what you'd expect from a mono VCR.This a pretty-good machine with a few more features than the lowest priced models of other brands. But if LP recording is a priority, you don't have much choice other than Panasonic, making this a &quot;must-buy&quot;.
I've never been a fan of ALL-IN-ONE units. I prefer separate components than can be easily & economically replaced if they fail without replacing a whole system. Many budget home theater systems today have DVD players built-in to the receiver/amp, but if the DVD player fails, the whole unit is basically useless since many of these systems have limited input/output jacks.Not the case with this RCA. It is a full-fledged receiver/5.1 channel amp only. It looks & sounds much more expensive than it actually is. That's not to say it sounds as good as my $1,000 Yamaha receiver, but for the price of a decent boombox, it absolutely can't be beat. It's extremely versatile with multiple audio input options. I bought one about 3 years ago for my daughter & her husband. They've used it constantly for movie surround-sound and i-Pod listening. It hasn't let them down. I've been so impressed with it, that I've wanted one as a second system for the last 3 years, until I finally bought one last week. If you're an audiophile or want volume rivaling a jet engine at take-off, look elsewhere; but expect to spend much more. However, if you're an average person: this thing gets plenty loud, has good bass, sounds pretty good & looks cool enough. Plus, you can use it with any DVD/blu-ray player you desire.
If you're looking exclusively for a photo printer, this is a good choice. It's easy to set up and easy to use. You can print direct from the camera, or from the computer. The printer can tell what kind of paper you're using & adjusts print quality accordingly. On glossy photo paper, the photo prints are excellent.However, if you're like me and need one printer for all your needs -- photo & home office printing of paper, envelopes, labels & business cards, this printer is a bad choice. The paper trays are layered on top of each other and tucked into the machine, making them a hassle to unload and load different papers. The trays also hold a VERY small amount of paper, requiring frequent reloading, even if you're just using plain paper. Lastly, the trays also feel flimsy and are sure to break after repeated paper switches. (You have to lift the top tray up and pull the bottom tray out to load & unload and then snap back into place). I also couldn't get it to print envelopes. (Printer doesn't line up with envelope feeder, printing text off the envelope instead of on). I'm very disappointed with this purchase & am hoping Amazon.com accepts returns.
Print quality is fine, but the printer died within one year of use. It wasn't over-used. It's just not built to last.
Had it out of the box and working in about half an hour. I did hit one little snag that required a call to the D-Link tech support center, and I was DELIGHTED to hear an American voice... no off-shore outsourcing for these guys! With their help I had the problem quickly solved.I'm not overly thrilled with the signal strength, but at least I can connect from anywhere in the house. I've heard other people voice the same complaint.NOTE: With this and any other wireless router, make sure you ENCRYPT YOUR CONNECTION. If not, anyone can drive by your house and login to your network.Enjoy!
Although the sound is not what you would expect from larger, more balanced speakers (but look at this little guy, and the price, so why would you?), this item really has good sound. A little "tinny", but lots better than my laptop speakers and I also use my Sony MP3 player with it. I like the fact that it doesn't need batteries and has only one connection cord-- easy! But as one reviewer mentioned, be careful when you first unfold them. Once you are used to the way this works it will seem easy, but I can see how it may be possible to break it the first time.
I don't know why the other reviewers acknowledged this product's many faults and then gave it high marks anyway. The software crashed my computer on install (Windows XP). When it worked, it's extremely clunky to use -- and you go through all that trouble to look at a *very* low resolution 1" screen that's pretty dim.This would be fine as a blister packed 9.95 novelty item for kids, but it's packaged like an executive gift and is pretty pricey -- getting close to dedicated viewers like one from Kodak. Steer clear.
I loved the size of this unit. I don't understand why so many other manufacturers have such big boxes. First six months it was fine, I had it set at 480P feeding a Samsung HLP 6361 and the picture was fine (I'm on the list to get a Samsung 941 as I want the 720P upconvert HDMI). Anyways, this thing doesn't read disks anymore, period. It started to freeze a few months ago and then just stopped working. Save your money
I have these out on my deck in Chicago, with no real protection over them - just a tree over one. They seem to have no problem with water, and seem heavy and well made. They sound pretty good, too - they're not as efficient (it takes some oopmh from the amp to get them up to volume), but it's not a big deal since I don't run them simultaneously with my main speakers. I'd definitely recommend them.
I cannot reccomend this camera at all. I didn't buy it from Amazon, but I've been searching around the web to see if there were other people's reviews (to see if they have the same problems with it). The "only" problem with the camera is that the pan/tilt mechanism is completely broken. The camera won't move half the time and it's pretty much stuck all the way in the down position so it won't look at my face. I think I'm just going to go and replace it with a "cheap" $40 camera. This is a useless, $120 piece of garbage and Logitech should be ashamed.
Perfectly solves the problem of mounting displays in real rooms, where displays need to be mounted in places other than centered between two 16-inch on-center studs. Lots of mounting options to handle most mounting hole patterns and TV shapes.
First off, the cable is 6 feet long. For some reason this isn't in the product description, so there it is. Anyway, having said that, I can say with 100% certainty that this cable is every bit as good as my much, MUCH more expensive Monster Toslink cable. I got this cable to replace the optical one because I'm switching soundcards on my computer and the new one doesn't have optical output. Anyway, I tested them side by side and I couldn't tell a difference. I'm already using Monster speaker cable which does make a HUGE difference over the junky cable that came with my Logitech Z-680's. Anyway, I could tell no difference whatsoever switching between the two. The only real difference is the price. I paid more than ten times as much for the Monster Toslink cable. So, if you're debating whether to go with this or something more expensive my reccomendation is to go with this cable. It'll save you a lot of money and you'll get the exact same performance.As others have said, the reason that the cheaper cable is able to match the more expensive cable is the digital signal. Either the cable works or it doesn't work. There really isn't much (if any) "middle ground" as there is with analog cables. At first I was skeptical after reading all the hype about the better speaker cables, but now after having used both I know that that's just what it is: hype.
It works as advertised, easy setup, it is kind of ugly and bulky but it does the job. You may want to consider if you need one or two 15 pin VGA cord to go with this product depending on what your using it for because it comes with none. Does anyone know of one of these that acts as a signal booster as well, thanks?
I was having a hard time finding a charger for my girlfriend's Acer Aspire 1410 laptop after the one that came with her computer frayed around the connector. This one has the same specs, so I decided to give it a shot. When it came, it worked sometimes and not others. The problem seemed to be a slightly loose connection on the inside portion of the connector. I carefully inserted a TINY piece of aluminum foil into the center part of the connector to help with the connection and it worked like a charm. The connection is always solid now.
Didn't have to splice into factory wiring. Was able to solder the harness from the aftermarket head unit to this harness on my bench in my garage. Then simply plugged it into the back of the stereo & Toyota's factory harness upon mounting of the head unit. If wanting to keep the the factory speakers matched with Toyota's factory amplifier than this is the best way to go to keep it simple.I recommend this quality product, because it's simple and works great. Although, I can't say that I have heard of or familiar with Metra whatsover until this purchase. I would definately buy a product from them in the future.Other Thoughts:I feel that it's always best if you are going to keep the factory speakers intact that you should use the factory amp that is included since they are properly mated for each other. This takes the guess work out, and helps prevent from under or over powering those factory speakers which could lead them to an early grave. Granted, you can still blow 'em if you are too ridiculous with EQ & volume levels.
Maybe I was expecting too much, but it seems the antenna that came with the wireless card actually worked better than this thing!
Works great, and much cheaper to buy on Amazon (I tried the generics and they don't work very well at all!)
I purchased this item in lieue of the Panasonic HDD because my local electronics store was sold out of the former. Unfortunately, I did not read the reviews or check online pricing before I purchased, but I did confirm with the sales associate that I have 30 days to return this unit. The problems I have are simple... The TV Guide setup is not compatible with Directv (nor did they list the local cable provider for my zip code area) and that was annoying, but not a deal breaker. The dealbreaker is that, when you do record something off the TV there is NO WAY TO DELETE IT. The online instructions say to press the DELETE button on the remote, but the remote I have that comes with this unit doesn't have a DEL button, nor does it resemble the remote in the users manual.Tried every other button on the remote but couldn't delete the test recording. Hmmmmm.
I tried to go without buying this replacement filter... but my electric razor got so dirty (got hair all over me as I would shave)... but as soon as I empty it, replace the filter and put it in clean mode.. whalla, no hair flying about when I shave! (the scruffy look might be more appealing than having hair all over your shirt!)NOTE: I did find you can "pretend" to replace this filter at least once (just put same filter back in), and have it clean effectively (save a bit of $$).
This is not a bad player for music (mp3) but uselessfor Audiobooks in mp3 format.It will only resume from the start of the track notwhere you left off and there is no bookmark featurefor mp3 files.(Some Audiobook tracks are over 20 minutes long)I'm surprised as their earlier model resumes exactlywhere I left off.I'm puzzled why they would remove a good feature.
The earlier version of these sound and fit much better, get those instead.
Only 4 stars because I don't like Velcro and I'd like a little more padding.I have an A75 and am very happy with this case.I have the following different opinions from other reviewers.The case offers just as much dirt protection as any SLR case I ever owned. Also if I dropped any of my old 35mm SLRs in their leather case with a hard lens cup, it would have caused just as much damage as with this case. (The camera weighs, what, an eighth as much?)The scraped up "Canon PowerShot" name plate is evidence of the protection my stratch-less camera has received.While the case has no strap, any Canon PowerShot camera does. People (including myself) often leave the strap in the box because they know they're going to look for a real case (and expect a strap there). Even on my 1974 Minolta SRT101 the strap is attached to the camera, not the case. Make sure you get the strap if you buy a used camera.With the strap around my right hand, it's a quick rip of velcro and I'm in shooting position with my finger on the on/off button.We like these little cameras because they're there when we need them.4 batteries OR a flash card fit in the pocket. I use 1GB cards and find them hard to use up. However, the truth is that, in practice, I carry a spare card and wonder about my battery life.
The earbuds are very light, fit my ears well and sound good for the price range. I will buy these again as my other sets of earbuds break or get lost.
After having bad experience with my old Motorola TalkAbout 250 radios, I decided to give these a try (I didn't want to reward Motorola with another sale, many of the Motorola radios were receiving mixed reviews here on Amazon, and I really like my Uniden cordless telephones).These are really good radios. Audio quality is very good, and their communication range far exceeds that of my Motorolas, even when they were working correctly (which wasn't very often). I was able to communicate clearly through flat, wooded terrain with the radios 2 miles apart. I also like that the PTT button is where it belongs on the side of the radio, not in the middle of the front as on the Motorolas.The Unidens have some nice features like weather radio, selectable call tones, a nice big display, VOX when you use the radios with the included headset/microphone (a feature that I don't like to use, but might be useful to some people), water-resistant construction, channel scan, etc. But the main feature I was looking for was long communication range, and I got that with these radios.I have some issues that keep this from being the perfect (5-star) radio; you decide if they are show-stoppers for you:1) Volume Control--These radios don't have a continuously variable volume knob; instead they have +/- push buttons to select 8 different volume levels (one of which is fully off). The problem is that the lowest volume level that isn't fully off is too loud if you're in a really quiet environment. It's fine if you're outside or in a noisy mall or something. But if you need to set the audio whisper quiet, you can't do it with these radios.2) Size & Weight: These radios are bigger and heavier than many on the market. This is a natural side effect of buying a radio with more transmit power than most of the competition. These radios run on 4 AA batteries vs. 3 AA batteries in my Motorolas. To give you a sense of the difference, the Uniden's dimensions (not including the antenna or belt clip) is 5.25" long X 2.25" wide X 1.375" thick. The Motorola TalkAbout 250's dimensions are 4.5" long X 2.5" wide X 1" thick. I don't have a scale, so I can't tell you how much heavier the Uniden is, but I can tell that it does weigh more.Other than those two complaints, these radios are perfect. It's up to you to decide, based on how you'll be using the radios, whether these issues are show-stoppers for you or not. They aren't for me; I'm delighted with the performance of these Uniden radios.
All I can say is WOW. The print quality on this printer really blew me away. I didn't think it was possible to get photo quailty this good in my own house. Prints come out better than when I send them out.Its a little expensive to maintain (ie inks, paper) but its worth it to me as I no longer have to wait to get my pictures in the mail. If I want pictures, it takes me about 10 minutes to print out a batch.This is the fasterest and quietest printer I have ever owned and I've owned some top of the line Epsons and HP's. If you can still get yoru hands on one I highly recommend it.
Hi. Okay. So, this product sucks!!! Here's why:1. In your bag, the damn thing will turn on and wear out its own batteries. The buttons protrude and are easily pressed by other items in your bag, or your elbow, or whatever. Enabling the "hold" feature does nothing to prevent this.2. The only jack on it for headphones is not a standard headphone-jack but a weird jack for the accompanying gizmo to plug into - that gizmo is the black thing with the extra set of buttons to control volume, track, play, pause, etc - and you have to plug your headphones into the GIZMO, which is plugged into the unit. So if you lose the gizmo, your discman is useless because you cannot plug standard headphones into the discman unit.3. The gizmo doesn't display the track number, or any information, for that matter. If your discman unit is, say, in your fanny pack, and you have the gizmo hanging out, and you are pressing buttons with your thumb, you cannot see which track or radio station you are on, because the gizmo has no display. You'd actually have to take the discman out of your fanny pack and look at it.4. Too awkward. There is no handle on the discman itself - you have to carry it in a bag or purse. Then it has this gizmo hanging off of it, and you plug your headphones into that, and the cord is probably way too long... it's a disaster.DONT BUY THIS MODEL!
I bought this camera because I wanted an inexpensive camera to take on vacation with us that would still take good pictures.My wife and I were tired of lugging her 8MP Nikon around Disney in the hot Florida sun.In stepped the Sony W50. It is fairly small and the battery life is amazing. It takes pretty good pictures indoors and even better ones outdoors.The ISO that can go up to 1000 is misleading. It'll go up that high but the pictures are barely usable for prints. It also takes way too long between shots indoors (but we might be spoiled by using a more advanced camera for so long).Camera is well built and mostly aluminum (2 plastic doors are a drag). The battery/Memory Stick door keeps popping open on me. Thankfully the battery and Memory Stick are "locked" in and do not fly out when the door opens.I do not like the fact that Sony has to use their own Memory Card format as I already own many SD and Compact Flash cards. I don't see any purpose for this other than Sony making more money. There is no benefit to Mmeory Sticks as far as I can see.The screen is big but the picture quality is not the best. And it scratched kind of easily after a few days of ownership. The cables use Sony connections so a standard USB cable cannot be used here to connect to a TV or computer like on all of my other digital cameras. So you must always have teh Sony cables with you. It also takes quite a bit of time to charge the batteries. On my Canon that takes rechargable AA's, I'm up and running in 15 minutes, not 6 hours. But I don't know of any ulracompact that uses AA's so I can't really blame Sony.Now that I complained a little, let me get to why I bought the camera. As mentioned, it is small and pretty light. It fits in my pocket and I hardly know its there. It takes good pictures and using a 1GB Memory Stick I can store more than enough shots for a days worth of shooting which coincides with battery life at abut 390 shots.What I really like although it was not wy I bought the camera, is that you can shoot video until you fill the memory card. My other cameras are limited to 15 or 35 seconds worth of shooting. I'm not gonna throw away my digital camcorder, but I don't have to carry it as much and I can still get some pretty good videos.I also plan on purchasing a 4GB Mmeory Stick which should give me some sort of combination of 700 pics and 1:30 video all in a tiny package.It ended up being much cheaper than similar cameras from Canon and Olympus. Granted it had fewer bells and whistles, but I have other cameras for that. They are just too big to lug around on vacation.
This does a good job of what it's supposed to do. I have to write at least 20 words for this review to qualify... I used it to hook up a receiver to a recording device. It fits the jacks and hasn't shorted.
Thanks to the previous reviewers of the PMX 200 who made this choice so easy.Background: My lovely wife purchased a pair of FJ451 Sharper Image Noise Reduction Headphones for me, but they were terribly uncomfortable and actually added noise. I take a 2 mile walk each day along noisy roads and was looking for headphones that would at least muffle ambient noise.Day One: First thing I like is that the plastic packaging snaps open so you don't have to fight with it like so many other electronics today. Headphones fit easily and are as comfortable as other reviewers have mentioned. I wear glasses and a NY Football Giants Cap and the ear pieces and neck band do not interfer with either. Sound is precise, clean, but warm like Polk Audio, not overly bright like some JBL speakers. During the walk, the headphones muffled the outside noise so well that I did not have to raise the volume due because of the daily rush hour traffic noise. Who needs noise cancelation?Portability is decent. The ear pieces rotate 90 degress so that they can be stored flat with the neck band allowing them to easily fit into the side pouch of a laptop bag.Price at Amazon is very good compared to large retail outlets.
With drive technology today, it is hard to go wrong with this drive. Fast, cached and everything. Well worth the money.
I bought it ... hooked a seinheinser MKE-300 mike into it, and plugged it into a SONY TRV-33 camcorder ... and I can't hear much of a sound (very very very very weak sound) even at the max range of the audio channel. Completely fails.
Not only did I purchase one of these for myself nearly a year ago, I've been buying them for family and friends who would like to use the Nike+ iPod sensor, but don't want to go out and buy the special Nike sneakers with the sensor cut-out in the sole of the shoe. Most of them have running shoes that they want to continue to use.The product has held up really well (still looks new), works with any shoe laces (nice, secure fit) and is easy to quickly attach and detach. I like to run in several different sneakers - this is a great product that allows me to still enjoy my Nike + iPod sensor system (which is highly motivating and fun, by the way) and wear my Brooks, Asics, or Nike sneakers.
Don't get me wrong, I love my Kindle. But something is wrong with the replacement battery. The original battery lasted just shy of 2 years. That was fair, and so I didn't hesitate to order a replacement one that is supposed to be exactly the same. Unfortunately, it lasted less than 4 months. What gives Amazon? That's not even close to the original. And, while I love e-books, there's got to be nothing worse than a dead battery on vacation. I guess a paperback is the way to travel.
Saves my PC from using 50watts all of the time. Purchased two of them, both work great.UPDATE: After reading several negative reviews, I wanted to add a few things.1. I now have 3 of these, the newest is 6 months old and they are all working great.2. On calibration: The power usage in the on state for the control device needs to be significantly different than the off power usage for the control device to work properly. For example, a cable box that draws 40watts on and 35watts off will make a very poor control device. A computer that draw 12watts off and 100watts on will make a great control device. Consider that when choosing a control device. (Kill-a-watt is very helpful in determining this)3. On failures: Power strips fail, often from surges. If your strip failed, contact the manufacture. It should last a year at minimum. However, it does contain a switch and and power reading circuit, so it may fail at some point.4. Always on devices: The strip is designed for computers. You turn your computer off, the speakers and other items go off too. There are many other uses, but keep in mind that it does not work for power hungry always-on devices like a cable box, DVRs, Roku or DirecTV control box. Those devices are always on, they take several minutes to boot up when power is restored. Same goes for a large number of TVs. If your device is an always on device, you can't use it as a control device or hook it to one of the switched outlets without some frustration. That simply will not work well. Using a switched power strip on those types of devices will GREATLY increase time-to-on and in the case of a DVR, will result in missed recordings. This can be a big negative when you need to turn things on and let them boot up for 10 minutes before you watch TV.Make sure that the way you plan to use the device is how the device is designed to be used. Get a Kill-A-Watt and look at power usage when you are planning to use a power strip like this. The Kill-A-Watt is a great tool and helps in other areas as well.
I put the card in the machine and it was ready to go. Was able to get 1000 speed without any issues.
unlike some reviewers, i have actually seen and held this camera. while i only took 3 pictures, simply loading them and having a look is shocking. this camera and the underlying X3 chip blow away everything in digital photography today. getting all three colors (rather than one like all other digital cameras) in each pixel gives you images you can easily enlarge without loss and artifacts. this camera easily blows away cameras costing many times more.this isn't a true 3 MP camera. it is more like a 9 MP. but better.... there is no longer a reason to not go digital.getting 3 colors per pixel means no interpolation. that in turn means sharper, truer color, photos without artifacts. in short, digital photos without the digital look. some of the photos taken with this camera are as good as medium format film images.digital is not as good as film, it is now better.
bought here on Oct 22, RICOHJPNW11, 25 good 4x burns(2 had to be full-erased to get them to burn)5 of 5 good reburns, all first try no errors on LG4120Ball full verify ok, no slowdowns shown on Nero DVDSpeed.Slight irregular shadow all around clear hub area on all disks.These are ~hubless disks.
This keyboard has the double-curve and light touch that reduce wrist pain;I felt the pain quickly on a normal keyboard, so this was a GODsend!It is much better than the old MS Natural Keyboard, my old sub-$100 favorite.Don't torture yourself with a straight flat keyboard, get this!4 1/2 starsPro's:less pain!nice weightvolume & mutecontrols Winamp.very good home, end & arrow key layoutexcellent pricecustomize extra buttons (except sleep button)Con's:F-key toggle can't be preset.no strain relief on cord - easy to break it, can't fix it.took a while to learn new delete & end key locationsflip-down feet are flimsyA soft, thick wrist rest is still a MUSTrubber feet peel off easilyhard to pick up with one hand without hitting buttons
Well.... the thing about this is... it's a cable, it wants me to leave a long reply.. but other than that, the cable works amazing, no problems with it.
I purchased 6 of these in 2007; all were ~DOA.All ports recognized USB devices, but each card had exactly one port that would read an entire thumb drive without it disappearing. I tried several brands of flash drives; none would work on other ports for long.
I ordered a product for an iRiver Clix and I received a product that fits a Samsung Cellphone. Product may work like a charm, but does not fit my device.Amazon, can i return this product for an exchange for the right product?
This are possibly the best headphones ever made. They are a combination of protection, best sound quality and confort. Hard to find these three on anything you buy. I waited a few months to rate this item as I believe a couple days even weeks is a short period of time to rate anything. I can honestly say this earphones rock = very dependable.
I like the Dish Networks technology and the potential that it could be. One DVR which covers two rooms is great. The picture is clear when it works. The menus/programming are intuitive. The pricing is reasonable.But, my complaint is RELIABILITY and SUPPORT...for the two years I have had Dish my TV picture seems to go out every 6 months or so. Everytime I talk to Dish customer service I get a different reason why it could be out. Several times I have gotten new DVR boxes mailed to me and there is always a dispute about who should pay. Several times I have had Dish Net come out to my house and they have always tried to make me pay until I told them I'm tired of the hassel and just cancel me. Now my dish is out again this weekend and I am missing the Ohio State / Michigan game because my TV says no Dish Signal (reason tbd).Anyway, if it worked consistently as advertised I would give it 4 or 5 stars. But due to reliability I give it 2 stars. And with Murphy's Law it always goes down when you want to watch that big event (prompting me to write this review instead of watching the game today)!! I may have to switch back to cable.- J.Clark / San Jose, CA
This plate could be great. The connectors are solid, the two individual plates screw in well to the old construction work box, there is no noticeable drop in sound quality.The problem is with its construction. The holes on the sides to put the wires in (if not using expensive banana clips) are all facing odd angles, no two the same.There are brass grommets to screw the plate into that do not accept the screws sent in the package. I managed to get one thread into each hole before the grommets started spinning. Then I had to forcefully remove the cover, pulling the grommets out. Now I've got this in my wall with no way to put a cover plate on, other than glue, which I will not do.Don't make the mistake I did. Spend the extra money and get something constructed properly.
I could not get this "player" to turn off! Nor could I set up playlists. The pictures I loaded were distorted and the presets for the FM function, guess what,they didn't work either. I returned it. Sadly it cost me return postage, but Amazon did refund my credit card in a timely manner. I would not consider a product from Coby again. I instead purchased a Sansa as the Christmas gift for my husband and it works very well.This product does not deserve a star....trash can yes...star no! Too bad there is no ZERO.
There are fine reviews already written about this product. All of them are true from my experience. This is simply a great product and a great price.A strong body, amazing picture quality, very less delay in transferring images to the storage. The leses come with the camera is good enough for most of the cases.There is a lot to learn, which is same in most of the SLR cameras. But this camera gives several pre programmed options which is good for starters.I had difficulty taking portraints indoor. That may be the only thing which worries me. But I found this is common in many cameras. It requires appropritae lighting.Also do not buy this camers to take indoor (birthday, parties etc..) photography. Use point and shoot cameras for that.... But outdoor, this one is truly a great camera.
I bought this BenQ product and have used it for only few months. It was working good and all of a sudden it started not recognising the discs. I found this is a very unreliable product and there is not too much of help also is offered.It is always a pain to go behind the warranty or return these. I gave up on small companies like this and bought an NEC one. It is not worth the save of money.
I bought this cute little speaker from Walmart (14$) and it is so compact and very useful. It also matches with my other speakers of Sony Dream system.This has 4 USB ports (So good when they stay on your desktop rather than on your pC sitiing down the table.). They are lighted, so that you can plug them in even night. Speaker is good quality and it has one USB connection and One DC connection.Quality of sound is good if not excellent. Overall It is a great buy for the price.
I've been thinking about getting portable GPS for awhile. My wife and I don't argue alot but she gets on me once in a while in the car if I get lost. Of course paradoxly she didn't want me to spend any money on a portable GPS nav system.So, with a big weekend coming up in Napa for a friend's wedding...I decided to take a plunge. Costco had a good deal on the Magellan Roadmate 2200T. I checked the reviews and they were decent. Figuring it was better to ask for forgiveness rather than permission from my wife...I bought the Magellan!!In the Costco parking lot I opened up the box and plugged the thing into my car. I punched in my home address and it lead me straight home. Very intuitive and easy to use. At this price point the voice instructions with street names is very nice.Napa weekend was upon us. My wife glared at the GPS. I punched in the hotel address and off we went. Two hours later we pulled into the hotel parking lot in Napa...not a single missed turn as the GPS said "You have arrived at your destination". My wife looked halfway impressed. That night there was a rehersal dinner at a winery the next town over...not a single missed turn. Breakfast the next morning in another strange town...not a single missed turn. Wedding day at another winery...not a single missed turn. Etc, etc, etc.Nice weekend, no missed directions, and no arguing in the car. On the way home my wife finally admitted it was worth it!!Magellan thought this product out well. So far so good and five stars!!- JT Clark / San Jose, CAOne Month update - the unit freezes up occassionally (once a week) and I have to push the reset button. After it resets it works fine again. But, the frozen screen makes it frustrating for my wife to use by herself so I may return it.Two month update - The 2200T unit has been returned. It froze too much...too bad, everything else about it was decent. I'm looking around for another unit, possibly Garmin Nuvi.
I bought the Exilim Z850 on Amazon last year (in 2006). I bought it because I like the compact size, I had a good experience with my old Exilim 3.1MP, and the 8.1MP was high ranked in Consumer Reports.After I received the Exilim Z850 it seemed much better than my old Exilim. Besides having more MegaPixels, the viewing screen was much bigger. I found the camera very intuitive and easy to use. Minor complaint would be that my fat fingers sometimes get in the way of the small buttons while trying to delete pictures.Everything was great until my Z850 stopped working 6 months later. I called Casio Customer Service and they told me to mail it to the local service center with my receipt and a letter of explaination. I payed the $5 to ship it. Two weeks later it showed back up to my house via the mail and it worked again (and no additional costs to me). I would have to say the Casio customer service was good for that experience.My Z850 is happily taking pictures of my kids again although I am slightly concerned about the reliability since my warranty is probably up. My old Exilim 3.1MP never had any problems and still works (I used it while the newer one was in the repair shop).So in conclusion this is a nice, compact camera that takes nice pictures and is rated high in most consumer reviews. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 due to the reliability issues.J.Clark-San Jose/CAPS - Casio if you are reading - I'd like to see you expand the Exilim franchise to include shockproof/waterproof models.
"Data Error" on my DSLR is not something which I like to see when I take photos. I bought the 4GB card almost 6 months back and might have taken 1000 or more pics. I get this error now and the acrd is not accessible.I am learning my lesson now. Do not buy cheap cards if you are a serious user.
Digital photography is only as good as the printer one uses. I have a great Nikon D70 but was getting terrible prints. I researched printers and found the i9900. Fantastic! The prints are smooth as silk and wonderful. Be sure and use Canon Photo Pro paper for the best print quality. Be aware that the printer is large and takes up a bit of room (24 inches wide). Not really desk size. I also bought the Canoscan 9950F for scanning negatives into prints and it is also impressive. So far I am sold on Canon products.
Ok, it's not very expensive. But it is still a complete waste of money. I'm so tired of page after page of lines smudged into complete illegibility. It's not even good for printing rough drafts (the reason I bought it). I'm throwing this printer in the garbage and buying something (anything) else. A 20-year-old dot-matrix printer would be an improvement.
I had hoped I found the right speakers for my iPod Touch, but this device was not it. The sound quality was very poor, and the remote worked if I was standing at the device. I sent it back very quickly.
I thought these binoculars were a waste of money. I can't see much far away, they do not seem to work.
I was hoping to record off to tape some High Definition football games for those slow summer days. But it can't be done. Unless you have one of those 169Time machines with a satillite dish service. That is about the ONLY way to get a HD signal into this VCR. I have digital cable ... the cable box I-Link is incompatabile with this VCR, as are almost ALL from what I have read. I have an outdoor digital antenna that feeds a clear and perfect 1080i signal into the TV (and it looks GREAT) but this VCR only accepts and records 480i ant signals. I can record cable channels in 480i standard definition format up to channel 99, since this VCR will NOT receive any channel past that. This VCR does not perform the functions of most VCR's that are available at 1/5 the price.The Cons to purchasing this device are many.The Pros .... I haven't seen any yet.
I've been using the CT-12 for over a year. It seemed like the perfect home office phone...portable; hands-free, allowing the user to type and talk; compact and comfortable. It's caller ID-ready, has good noise reduction and has a speed dial function and mute button. In addition, Plantronics has one of the best warranties I've ever experienced. I simply called when my first phone stopped working and they sent a new one within a couple of days, no hassle, no paperwork. So why only two stars?First, the belt clip is inadequate (especially for those of us who never wear belts.) The clip is too weak to clip to jeans, so I always have to wear a shirt with a pocket in order to have a place to put the phone. This is a serious flaw, as I discovered the clip's weakness only after the phone fell off my pants and onto the floor the first few times I tried it.Second, the number pad is frustratingly small. It is easy to misdial with keys the size of a pencil eraser.Third, and most important, the unit's phone jack seems to have a design flaw. I am on my second phone within one year and each one has, over several months, started crackling and cutting out. At first I thought it was the headset, since holding the cord a certain way would eliminate the crackling sound. On a hunch, I bought a new headset from another manufacturer, plugged it in, and immediately started getting the crackling noise. Now that my warranty has expired, I will not be buying a replacement phone, but looking for a new manufacturer altogether. A real pity, I loved this phone.
I recently purchased these for my soon-to-be seven year old grandaughter as a Christmas present. When it showed up, I was pleased with the appearance and size. When I unwound the cord from the binoculars, the bottom piece that surrounds the center fell out. So I didn't even try them. I got back on the internet and ordered a replacement, which I will say Amazon shipped to me overnight. The bad news is that the 2nd pair had the same problem. I gave up on cheap Chinese made binoculars and ordered Tasco (yes by Bushnell) for about $5 more. They haven't shown up yet, but I can't believe that they would be any worse. If you're looking for a small cheap pair of binoculars I definitely would recommend that you look at something else. Hopefully the Tasco Essentials 8x21 Binocular (Black)is better. My guess is that they are also made in China, but for a seven year old you don't have much choice.
Bought this & the Ridge 30 for my Pansonic Lumix ZS3. Both fit fine. Build quality much better on the Rezo. Kept it.
I'm not an audiophile & these do the trick for me. I use them for commuting on the train. Fit's not perfect - a little big, but the price is right. I'll buy them again.
I bought one of these 3 months ago at the local WalMart. For the price, it was OK. I hooked it up with my Direct TV dish setup. The sound was a little weak on some movies. It has several variations of the surround sound from sounding like a stadium to being in a Church along with 3 Dolby settings.I thought that being made by RCA it would last. The only problem I had was it died with less than 3 months of use. I had 5 days left of the 90 day limit for returns when it died and I had to return it to WalMart. If this thing had lasted longer I would have given it at least a 4 star rating.Also this model that is listed does NOT come with a 5-Disc DVD/CD player. Just the receiver/amplifier to hook your DVD or VCR up to.
I'll be brief. Megapixels should not be your sole consideration. I have made 8x10 prints of pictures taken (macro and regular settings) with this camera and they are gorgeous and very detailed (I posted the full zoom photo of the truck with the dent and the macro pic of the devil ducks). For family and vacation pix this is exactly what I need. I think the person who wrote that 4x6 prints weren't good didn't have the camera set to the highest resolution (it has 3, with the lowest resolution intended for web viewing only).The low light problem may lie with me as I've re-read the manual and now taken a couple good photos in no light with the flash. I set the camera to night rather than normal and the flash and image stabilization did the rest.The video quality is alright for the occasional e-mail.As I love the compact size I'm keeping this camera. I was thinking of moving to a used FZ3 as that model is the same size and has the focus-assist for low light, but may hold off for now.Ideally I'd like a camera this size that could also take decent video with sound occasionally that I could enjoy watching on a TV. This is a little too muddy. BTW, you can watch photos on your TV, but oddly, you can't transfer pix from your computer onto the camera's flash card and then use the camera to view them on TV. That would be a nice feature also.I also wish there was an ISO setting button rather than having to go into the menus, but oh well.Oh, get a 128MB or better flash card. I only take pix at the highest resolution and then convert to lower for e-mail on my computer.
The manufacturer apparently states this case is compatible with the Panasonic FZ1 (and by extension the FZ3 which has an identical body). I bought it and can report that it is not compatible with the FZ1. With just the lens cap on you have to jam it into the bag sideways and then wrestle with the camera to get it back out. If you prefer to use the camera with the lens hood adapter on the camera can't fit in the bag at all. There's also no padding to speak of with this case. By comparison my Lowe case for my Canon EOS Elan provides a secure, padded repository and you can put the camera in lens down with the strap on top so the camera can easily be withdrawn again.Targus makes decent laptop cases, but they have a great deal to learn about camera cases apparently.Apparently it does fit some cameras, just not the Panasonic FZs.Considering the product is made in China one should be able to expect a bit more at this price.
I just bought my D490 so I can take pictures and send them to my parents and friends. This was definately money well spent. The camera is user friendly, just point &amp; shoot. It has a great zoom and it's very light. I love it and highly recommend it.
I enjoy birdwatching and naturally I wish to photograph the birds I see when I can. I used this lens with the FZ7 on a trip to Maui. I saw the i'iwi and apapane, but those birds flit around too much for me to be able to get a pic. However, I was able to get a couple decent pix of the a'eo (Hawaiian stilt) at a distance of about 300' so I was pleased. I will be going to Port Aransas to see the whooping cranes soon and am very much looking forward to using this lens then. NOTE: Although the image stabilization of these Panasonic cameras is excellent you absolutely still need a tripod in my opinion to make the best use of this fine piece of glass.
This lens is fairly inexpensive and the reason for that is while it definitely lets you get really close and the image is definitely larger than without it, the fact is the FZ7 and the FZ30 macro settings are already so good that the image is perhaps 15% or so bigger than without it. If I can I'll post a couple flower images to permit comparison with and without the lens. The camera I have is a FZ7. Because I want as large an image as possible of my focus I am very happy.
A couple of years ago I was looking for some way to expand the memory storage of my old Dell desk top. It's a Optiplex 240 with only a 37 gig hard drive. There were some external drives on sale at Office Max but they were sold out. They gave me this Seagate 160 GB for the same sale price of the other one that had about half the capacity. That day I got one heck of a deal. I'm very pleased with this Seagate drive. It's just as fast as the internal drive of my Dell. I got into digital photography and that's why I bought it. There was no way the drive in my Dell would hold all my photo's. Since I bought this Seagate 160 external drive back on Nov. 21, 2006 I have used about half the space on it. I've never had to defrag it and it's still just as fast now as it was when I first hooked it up.I was surprised at how easy it was to hook up and start using it. The first thing I did was used it to back up the drive on my old computer Frankie. That's short for Frankenstein because its made out of so many different parts from old junked out computers. It had got to the point that it couldn't be updated any more and that's why I picked up this old Dell. All I had to do to back up its drive was plug this Seagate drive into the high speed USB port and drag and drop what I wanted to back up and save.I did have to buy a extra card with 4 or 5 USB 2.0 ports on it and put it in this old Dell to hook up the Seagate drive because of all the other things, scanner, printer, digital camera, & my iPod that all needed a USB 2.0 high speed ports. But that wasn't any big deal. Its been working fine for over 2 years and I would recommended it to any one looking for an external drive.After reading the one star review on it I have to admit that I have failed to back up anything that's on it. So that's the first thing I'm going to do when I finish this. Not that I'm having any problems with it! But just to be safe and not loose all my photo work.I don't know how it would compare with any of the other external drives out there. But for me, I'm happy with it. It takes up very little space on my desk because of the way it stands up. Its nice and quiet and most of the time I don't even notice it sitting there.
I bought 2 of these as Xmas presents on the basis of the Zeiss lens, Sony name, anti-shake, size, AA battery use, and other great features. Less than a year later, the screen on one has gone completely to white and from what I read this appears to be a common problem. I've not found any recall for service so it looks like I'm out of luck. The other one is still working, but who knows for how long? Get a Panasonic Lumix instead is my advice. It has a Leica lens and great anti-shake along with a good zoom (depending on the $$). Although it uses a proprietary battery it has been far more reliable.
I've had this printer for over a year now and it's still going strong. I previously owned an Epson Stylus Photo 780 that I had a lot of problems with (clogged heads and old drivers), but after reading some of the Amazon reviews about the PictureMate, I decided to take a chance and buy it for my husband.It worked perfectly right out of the box, and have never had any problems with clogged heads. Sometimes I let it sit for almost a month before using it, and I keep it in a somewhat dusty/hairy environment, and it has still worked every time. The picture quality is great. I don't use Epson's software to print, I print through the Photoshop dialogue box on my computer, so I can't really comment on that function. I get more than 100 photos out of each printer cartridge, so I actually end up having extra cartridges rather than paper.The one thing I don't like is that you have to buy the paper/ink cartridge together. Oftentimes, I only need one or the other and it ends up being a waste. In the future, I would love to see this printer be able to print 5x7s as well as the 4x6s it can print now.
I've had Canon digital cameras for the past two years and with my first, opted to purchase the accompanying Canon camera case. Though it's a good fit, it has a couple of flaws that caused me to look elsewhere for a case when I got my second digital camera this year.This time around, I chose the Tamrac case because, unlike the Canon, it zips closed. The Canon has a flap closure that creates two big gaps on either side of the case, allowing small particles to get inside the camera itself. Second, the Tamrac features not only a belt loop, like the Canon, but a nice shoulder strap. This means the user can carry the camera hands free without having to put it in a purse or backpack.This case fits many small film and slim digital cameras (go to Tamrac's website to download a spec sheet that lists camera/case compatability), so don't expect a custom fit. For my Canon A510, this case is a bit on the long side, but no so much so that I have to be concerned about it shifting around too much in the case. It's a good bag from a great manufacturer for a decent price. Recommended.
I consider myself well versed with MP3 players (i've owned an ipod and creative products), software, and features and after much research and questions, i decided to go with Creative for a second time and am very glad i did!This is truly a feature packed MP3 player that's simple to use for anyone, and offers plenty of goodies for your money. I've read some folks who are high on the ipod horse, however, i prefer not to be told where i have to buy my music and once i realized that the only way to purchase music for my ipod was to buy it at itunes, i felt like i was forced back into the apple store long after i had purchased my ipod. Unless you pirate your music, the only place you can buy music is at itunes... the apple money machine continues to roll on. When you buy an ipod, apple has you where they want you.The Creative Zen Vision M takes the personal music player to another level by expanding on the basics of an ipod photo and gives you so much more freedom then you thought was possible. The physical size of this unit is about 4" tall x 2 1/2" wide x 3/4" thick, making it slighty thicker then the ipod photo and weighing in slightly more. When you hold this in your hands, you can feel the quality. The buttons are located in easy to use areas and the backlights are vibrant and have a soft "click" when pressed. The screen is incredible! Believe the hype! The color is bright and crisp and truly makes other named mp3 players look black and white! The numbers don't lie... check out the specs and see for yourself!The unit includes a USB 2.0 cable, A/C adapter (yes, ipod users, you heard that right... it doesn't cost more), software, headphones (that acutally sound halfway decent), and a carry pouch. I admit, the pouch is a bit goofy and useless... creative really needs to stop doing the pouch thing. You can purchase some great accesories including A/V Cables, leather case, dock, wired remote, and other goodies.Setup is a breeze with this player, installing the drivers and software was real simple. Once the drivers are installed, you can decide weather you'd like to use windows media player 10 or the creative managing software. The included software is feature loaded with video compression software, mp3 encoding, photo management, and other goodies. Transfering music is as easy as dragging and dropping as is importing photos and downloading movies to the player. Learning how to use this player is half the fun!Another great feature with this unit is the "plays for sure" technology. This player is compatable with many of your music membership services like napster, rhapsody, or (my personal choice) virgin digital (best price per month). Or, get this, you're actually FREE to decide where you'd like to buy music from, and no matter where you get it, it will actually play on the player! How about that! you can shop around for the best price on your favorite music!!! You can even listen to your favorite radio station (news, talk shows, music) and college students will love the built in voice recorder for classes and organizing those recordings is a snap on your computer!Creative is also working on the video content portion of their content and currently allows anyone to create and upload their own "Zencasts" to their website and share with others. I understand that Encore is about to release video content for creative users with more on the way!Audiophiles will love the sound quality and the features to tweek the sound to your liking. The battery seems to last about 12 hours for me before completely dying and charging time takes just a shade under two hours. I haven't noticed the unit getting warm with normal use at the office or during trips to and from. You should however be prepared for the co-workers and their questions and envy... two guys at the office decided to order one shortly after seeing mine.This player is truly the best kept secret in a world that's seemingly dominated by a carefully marketed toy that scratches if you breath on it. IF you're looking for the real deal, with flexability, and is truly feature loaded then look no further! Creative has a real winner on their hands!
Now, i've been reading the reviews by a lot of the folks on here. It seems that some people will just never be fully satisfied with any type of audio device. You hear things like "I broke out my audio inducing wave enhancement reader and took a treble reading and learned that these are .009 freqency modulations below my model 123-XYZ headphones." And how is a review like this going to help me when i want to buy some great sounding headphones for my own personal use? Some people thrive on finding the teeniest most insignificant issue with something as simple as a great sounding pair of headphones... they'll never be satisifed with anything on the market no matter what. Ahhh... to be so self rightous and yet not be employed by anyone who actually creates quality products like these headphones.Now, i'm an average guy who recognizes a great pair of headphones when i hold them in my hands and listen to them. These headphones are fantastic in all the ways you'd like headphones to be. For starters, they're quite lightweight and fit very comfortably. The earpieces are soft and flexible to your ear which will give you plenty of comfort on those long flights or roadtrips.The sound is great! Deep bass and sharp clear treble with the mids right where you'd like them. Of course this is all based on how you like to set your EQ when you listen, but that's all up to the individual. No matter how you like to listen to your music, i don't think you could ever go wrong with these. I have had my pair for 3 years now and they still sound as great as the day i bought them! I had considered buying a pair of Bose TriPort headphones or these and after comparing price and sound, in my opinion these sounded just as good and were priced less so it was really a no brainer. I use these with my Creative Zen Vision M mp3 player and my portable dvd player on long flights and I'm just amazed with them!If you're going to buy headphones just to take frequency measurements and sample bit rates... you'll never find a pair of headphones that truly meet your "standards". For those of us not living in la-la land, give these a shot, you'll really be glad you did!
I bought these because the necklace/lanyard-style headphones that came with my mp3 player (a mobiBLU Cube) were of poor quality and don't work any more. Because it's a very small gadget, it's a bit annoying to have to fumble around in a bag or a pocket to manipulate it. So I wanted to get another pair of necklace headphones, but the Sony ones are really expensive. The price of these is very decent and the sound quality seems good (I'm no great audiophile).As stated above, these are meant for mp3 players small enough to be worn around the neck, not to listen to your computer or stereo! If you try doing that while wearing them as a necklace, you'll find the short length awkward.However, if you don't have another pair around and want to plug them into a desktop device, you can unsnap the plastic bit at the back of the neck by pulling, so the /0\ shape becomes a /U\ (imagine the earbuds are at the lower ends of those slashes), which effectively doubles the length from plug to earbuds.EDIT: by the way, the sound is stronger when I wear them backwards (i.e. left bud in right ear and vice versa). I guess it's just the shape of my earholes specifically. They don't block background noise, which is good when I'm cycling to work but bad when I'm at work trying to listen to music in a fume hood with the fan going.
What a nightmare. I have version 2 of the router. Bought it from Amazon, had constand problems with internet bandwidth and access. After troubleshooting with a dozen Linksys techs, 3 versions of firmware (1.10, 1.30, and 1.40), MTU size changes, prot triggering, and a few others, I was told the router was defective. Returned through Amazon's excellent service, and was sent a replacement 2 days later (thanks, Amazon). Same problems and same troubleshooting. Now Linksys has the gall to tell me to return it to Amazon for another replacement. I told them Amazon won't and shouldn't send a 3rd replacement. They then said I should return it to them for warranty repair/replacement.I informed them that then I would be unable to return it to Amazon. I suggested that they send me a unit at their expense, and if it worked I would pay them the price I paid Amazon. They seemed to think my proposition was unreasonable.I bought this for use with a Media Center Extender (for which Linksys is the only game in town). What a mistake.If you have any sense at all, DO NOT BUY THIS ROUTER!!!!
I have my iPod hooked up to the stereo on my motorcycle. The iPod stays tucked away in a safe place, and the remote gets strapped to the handlebar. All the needed functions are now at my fingertips. I can lock the iPod control pad, so it doesn't accidentally get bumped.I also use the Griffin FM transmitter. Nice, but not nearly as slick as the remote. I can't use them both at the same time, but I don't need to.
I have to agree with most of the reviews here. It's heavy and not particularly quick focusing, but makes great pictures. I moved up from a 70-300 Nikkor, and it was well worth it. Having the extra 100mm is wonderful (essentially it's like a 600mm lens on a 35mm). And the VR is fantastic. One of the best endorsements for it is the number of times I've heard "You took that handheld?". Closer minimum focusing distance would be nice, but I have no real complaints about this lens.I posted a couple of photos here, but you can't really see the detail.Some Nikon lenses feel like they're made for the masses. The 80-400 has the 'pro' feel you come to expect from Nikon. You won't be disappointed.
Don't get me wrong, this is a great camera, but it could have been so much more. Like many, I moved up from a D70, which is a spectacular camera with few shortcomings. One of those shortcomings was the ability to save custom settings. Well the D200 was supposed to solve that problem with 4 custom settings banks, and 4 more shooting menu banks. Why 2 sets of banks, you ask? Beats the hell out of me, and in my opinion, they're all pretty much worthless.Take the custom settings banks. By my count there are about 56 different settings. So you go into Bank A and set all of them for your needs. If one of those settings is something you always use, you have to change it in each of the 4 banks separately. So, you've got your custom settings set up for Bank A and you start shooting. You need to change an option for a shot or two, so you scan through all the settings, find the one you want, and change it. Guess what! That's where it stays until you set it back. So what's the point really? And wouldn't it be nice if you could just see what you changed on a menu? Nope, you still have to go through ALL the settings every time, including the stupid ones that you'll never change in your lifetime. I could go on, but do you get my point? I use Auto-ISO all the time (the camera automatically raises ISO to achieve a desired shutter speed). But to turn it off and on, which I do frequently, I have to go through the menus to do so.The D200 has 3 buttons conveniently located for easy checking or adjustment. Picture Quality, ISO, and White Balance. These are a great feature, and easy to use. So why have them as menu options, too?On the positive side, the camera is solidly built. It's nice having the extra resolution (although Nikon's consumer level dSLR should have that by the time you read this). You can see the ISO in the viewfinder, very helpful. Focusing and exposure seem much more accurate than the D70. The screen is large and easy to view. Battery life remaining is much easier to determine, but battery life itself is pitifully short (I guess that big screen and those VR lenses help drain the battery). With the D70, I could always feel confident that I could get in a full days shooting on a charge. Not so with the D200. One more thing is remote shutter release. The D70 had a great little IR remote which set you back &lt;$20. Try to accomplish the same on the D200 and it'll cost you almost $200. Just a simple cable release is about $35 if I remember correctly. Why?In summery, this is a great camera, which coupled with an 18-200 lens, will give you a package that will rival any for picture quality and convenience at an acceptable price. But, it could be better...
No, you can't play CDs randomly. But, if you have a home theather system and need more than 1 set of outputs for audio, both analog and digital, as well as 3 different video output types, this machine is great. The picture is clear, sound is too. For the money, you can't find a better set of features. Everything is easy to use and I haven't even had to look inside the manual yet. And its progressive scan, so it will work with high def TV down the road.
Im a real estate appraiser in the Dallas/Fort Worth area and I do alot of driving to different addresses. I bought the GPS V to help me so I do not have to flip through maps as I drive to a new address. I have been so amazed by how accurate this gps is i can not recommened it enough. I just put in an address and it calculates, fast, shortest or offroad routes and does so in less than 30 seconds. I then just follow the directions and it gives a beep and arrow and street name to turn before I reach the street and then again as I have reached the turn. If im in an area im not familure with and want something to eat, oil change, grocery store, you name it, i just put the name in the "find it" area and it tells me the nearest location and how to get there, distance, eta, even my elevation, time of day, direction im heading. There is even a pong game on the GPS V, lol. You will not go wrong with the GPS V and I saved at least $45 just on tax (...). Now to get the parks and recreation maps and head to the colorado rockies in the spring.
When I buy flash memory, I consider price, speed, manufacturer and vendor. I got this particular memory stick for a SonyEricsson w810i phone. I paid extra to get it from Amazon (no they don't always have the best price). This way I am confident that I can return it if I got the wrong one or have a problem with it.The card works fine in my phone, and since I have a USB cable that hooks up to the phone, I don't have to be concerned about removing the card to use a card reader. I have not yet experienced any problems with Sandisk memory products.I am told that the Sandisk sticks are faster than Sony's, but I have no way to confirm this, nor do I know if my phone (mp3 player, camera) is able to take advantage of faster speeds. The longest process is transferring music to the phone, and I wasn't in a hurry anyway.This stick comes with an adapter to use with the older memory stick format, so I can use the 128mb stick that I replaced in my Sony Camcorder (which had a 4mb stick in it. No, it's not a typo. It's actually a 4 megabyte memory stick).
My 32" Sony went out after 10 years and i was on the hunt for a new TV. It had been many years since searching for a television and they have come a long way. Although i had been happy with my sony and was looking at sony tubes the big screens caught my eye. I looked at the Mitsubishi, Sony, Akai, Toshiba, Phillips. I did think the Mits and Sony had the best picture quality for a rear projection and was just about to purchase a 65" Mits for 2,499$ when my wifed noticed a green tag laying next to the Phillips and it was for 1,499$ for the 60". After further help at the store with all the features and hooking up a DVD player to view the picture and an HD box to check out the HD view I was sold. For the price nothing could touch it in quality and size and have been very pleased with the picture quality and sound quality. At my price point im must say im overall pleased but wouldnt we all want the 61" Plasma, dang i dont have 20,000$ to burn, LOL.....
I recently purchased the television and have been very pleased by its performance. A direct cable connection works fine but the picture suffers. A progressive scan DVD works good and brings in a nice and sharp 480i picture. However, this philips shines when connected to an High Def. box. The picture is so real i feel like im looking out my window at action in the yard. My small son 3 years old went over to the tv trying to touch the Moose on the screen as it looked real. Its a great tv and the best per inch buy out there right now. I also own a sony 50" lcd HDTV and belive it or not the philips working from an HD box or Progressive scan dvd player beats the sony with a similar hook up. Wish i had found this first and saved the 3,400$ for the sony LCD, ive been watching this while the sony sits turned off in the corner.....
I just got a TiVo Series 3, and hoped to use my Linksys USB adapter to connect to the network. It didn't happen. TiVo has programmed the new boxes to only accept their adapter (a message pops up to let you know this when you try to plug anything else in.I was going to just hardwire it, but relented and bought the TiVo adapter. Plugged it in and it fired right up. I also understand this adapter does some of the proceesing for the TiVo, so there is some benefit to using it over another brand (if you have a Series 2, which will accept other adapters).So I give it high marks for ease of use and performance, but deducted for crippling the Series 3 to force me to use it, and price.I don't have WEP enabled yet, but doubt it will be a problem when I do. I use a Linksys WRT-54g router.If you don't want to mess around getting your TiVo to connect through your wireless network connection, this is the way to do it.
First, I want to share my audio preferences in order to put the review into perspective. I'm a drummer and I don't generally go for a flat EQ. I like to hear both bass and treble very clearly. I'm extremely sensitive to distortion and have no tolerance for muddy sound reproduction. I'm using these as portable headphones with an MP3 player (creative zen). I listen to a lot of types of music: rock, blues, hip-hop, folk, jazz, classical, and choral. I'd been using the Sennheiser PX100s (which are great headphones), but I wanted something a bit better. These AKG K 81 DJ phones are fantastic. They cost twice as much as the PX 100s, but are definitely better. The AKGs have a lot of warmth and depth of sound, are very clear, and I really like the frequency distribution. The bass is certainly present, but they are not too bassy (unlike the smaller AKG K 26 P) and have a very nice balance of highs and lows.The only cons I can think of are that they are a little bigger than I'd like for portable headphones, but I can't give up the quality of sound so I'll just deal with that. Their fairly low impedance means they work fine with portable players, so I can still use them in that capacity.It is true that they might be a bit tight for a large head. I have a pretty small head so this is not an issue for me. I actually jog with them and they don't slip at all.They do seal noise in/out better than regular open headphones.For less than $100, I've not been able to find any better, and I've purchased quite a few headphones in the past year.
I needed to up my Ram on my Dell Dimension 3100. I had never purchased ram or installed it before and was told to try Kingston. I went with the Value Ram to save money. The installation was Very Easy and took less than 5 minutes. Now the computer boots up showing 2 Gigs and no more lag issues for my applications, works great no issues...recommended..You really cannot go wrong with this especially with the great customer service of Amazon...I purchased this Value Ram from Amazon...came a day early very fast shipping.
I follow the 18hour rule with use of this battery on my sons Peg Perego Polaris ATV. No issues at all and he is getting 2+ hours of ride time with each charge. We typically plug in the battery after each use and let the battery charge overnight so about 18hours from the time he puts it up and comes home from kindergarden the next day. Its a little high priced and yes a lawn mower/motorcycle battery will work if your into splicing wires and cutting up your childs ride on...for me it was much easier to get this battery which works great and fits in the space provided....keep it fully charged and it will continue to work for years....
If you've used Logitech mice, you know most of the stuff you need to. The VX Revolution is a neat little mouse that is small enough to take with you, and large enough to replace a desktop mouse if you want to. It isn't one of those tiny travel mice though, so if space is limited in your laptop case you might want to consider something else.Insert the included AA battery, plug in the tiny USB receiver, and you're off to the races. If you want to use many of the additional features, like horizontal scrolling, zooming, search button, or to set the speed and acceleration, you need to install the Setpoint software. The included CD has what you need for Windows. Mac users will need to download it from the internet.When not in use the receiver tucks neatly away inside the mouse. When you put the receiver away it shuts the mouse off, and when you remove it, the mouse turns on. There is also a small power button, should you choose to leave the USB plugged into your PC. According to the power meter, the single AA battery will provide 120 days of use. Time will tell how accurate that is.As far as price goes, you probably can get a mouse with comparable features for a lot less money, but if you don't want to screw around, you won't likely be disappointed with this product.One little problem is easily corrected. When I used the mouse the first time, I found that scrolling was pathetically slow in some windows (IE6), and didn't work at all in others. What you have to do is go into Setpoint, choose scrolling options, select Internet Explorer, and uncheck the box to "allow Super Smooth Scrolling", and you're back where you should be. I hope this saves others from the frustration of having to search through the Knowledge Base, or calling tech support (which for Logitech mice is NOT toll-free).So far, I am pleased with this purchase...
The cable design is actually very good. Instead of a mass of different cables you have to either cable tie yourself or fall all over, the trunks to each computer are together and they breakout at the end only to hook into the A and B computers. And the idea to skip a desktop unit wasn't bad. The problem is with the switching. There is no physical switch, only hot key through the keyboard. This wouldn't be so bad if the hotkey didn't only work occassionially. When it doesn't switch there is no recourse. At best the hot key takes about 10 tries before it will switch. Other times I've messed with it 50 or more tries before giving up for the entire night. I see this is happening to other people so I don't believe its anything wrong with my keyboard. Mind you, skipping the desktop unit that keeps getting pulled back by heavy cables was a great idea. And I wouldn't even mind bending under the desk and hitting a backup manual key. But most of the time they only way I can switch is to get on my hands and knees and manually hookup the monitor just as if I had no KVM at all. I gave it a day to see if I got the hang of the keys any better, and now I'm just waiting for a new KVM to arrive. Its hard to believe they actually did any inhouse testing with this system.
So who spends almost $200 on a keyboard that doesn't even have a number pad? Well, I do...If you are in the market for a good utilitarian cordless keyboard to use, this might not be the best choice. But if you like unique, stylish computer gear, that still works well, then this makes a nice addition to your desktop. Even if you don't get a chance to show it off to your friends, you'll enjoy looking at it sitting in its charging stand, or on your desk. It must hold a pretty good charge, because I've only charged it once in the month that I've had it. So if you're thinking the charger is too cumbersome to take with you on a trip, you don't have to worry about it; you won't need it. And at about 1/2" thick, it won't take up much space in your bag.You could hook it up using the built-in bluetooth in your computer, but unless you're starved for USB ports, the receiver is about the size of a small flash drive (unlike the previous DiNovo Desktop). It connects instantly too, so you won't spend ages trying to figure out why it's not connected.The trackpad is a small circlular affair, positioned off to the right, so you won't be constantly hitting it like the pads on most laptops. Only southpaw mousers will suffer from this layout. And scrolling with the pad works surprisingly well.A few drawbacks are the lack of a number pad. You don't even get the typical fn + keys to enter numbers, which could have been easily included, but wasn't. And the fn key is to the right of the spacebar, which is opposite from what most people are used to using. Other than that you get a full set of keys (except the number pad). Plus nicely placed zoom buttons, volume control, and media keys, and a nice oversized delete key.Keystrokes are short, but give reasonable tactile feedback. I'm not a very good typist, but I don't think those who are will find much to complain about.And depending on your computer you can lay it right on top of laptop keyboard. Or use it from across the room.I was worried that I would be sacrificing usability for style and looks, but it turned out not ot be the case.I give the diNovo top marks in all respects. This is one of Logitech's success stories, unlike some of their products.I'm very pleased with this purchase.update 03/01/07 Since I just got a MacBook I thought I would update my review with some new info. Logitech does not support this keyboard for use with Macs (when you open Logitech Control Center, similar to Setpoint but for Macs), it won't recognize the keyboard. But that doesn't mean it won't work. Mac's bluetooth recognizes and pairs the kb instantly, and almost all functions work. What doesn't work is the set of buttons on the left (which I don't use anyway). And the fn+function keys don't work either as far as I can tell (the function keys themselves do work, and F12 works as an eject button for the DVD drive). But the mousepad works the same, as does the volume control, and the 'windows' key functions as the 'apple' key.In addition, if you flip up the legs, the DiNovo will fit perfectly over a 17" MackBook Pro. So if you have a Mac and this keyboard, you won't have to put it aside till Logitach decides to support it.I would also assume that third parties will come out with drivers or whatever might be needed to fill the void.
I'm a little pissed off. I had this lens on order from Amazon for about 4 months and they told me they wouldn't be getting it in. I ended up getting it at another vendor and paid $750. Not long after that here it is back at Amazon. They should give me the difference for all the trouble they put me through.But as far as the lens goes, it is a great piece. The range or 18-200 is unbelievable, and for most people is the equivalent of two lenses. The VR systems works well (I also have it on an 80-400 Nikkor), and saves you needing a tripod for a lot of shots, or enables shooting at slower speeds (1 or 2 stops).Unfortunately at wider focal lengths the shade blocks the flash more than many lenses. And you definitely need a filter, since the front element is so exposed to potential damage.But for use on a D series Nikon, it's as good as you can get for an all around lens.
I have joined a class action lawsuit against Apple because of how easily the Nano scratches.For those of you who think this lawsuit is stupid, worthless and for those who think the iPod nano is made exactly the same as previous iPods, you're wrong. I suggest to those who believe this to read the filing that these two law firms filed. It suggests that Apple knowingly made these iPods with thinner materials, making them easier to scratch, to lower manufacturing cost. This is why this lawsuit is not stupid or "bull". A company who makes a bad product knowingly should be held accountable!I have five iPods; iPod mini, a 20GB iPod, an iPod shuffle, an iPod U2 Edition, & iPod nano. All of them have gone into my hoodie pocket that contains nothing else (no keys, no pens, paper, etc.). All of them are scratch free except the iPod nano. I bought the iPod nano September 15, 2005 at Best Buy and took it home where I laid the box on my desk. It stayed there until Monday morning where I took it out of the box (for the first time) and loaded all the music I wanted onto it. I was leaving for vacation that day by the way. I put the Nano in my hoodie pocket, with nothing else in there, and left for the bus. A few moments into my trip and I took the Nano out of my soft cotton made hoodie pocket and it was scratched badly enough already that it is hard to see what is on the screen.I feel I, and everyone else who has a scratched iPod nano, am entitled to a new iPod nano from Apple, however, all I really want Apple to do is admit that they have a bad product out there and I want them to fix it for future iPod nanos (which I have no doubt they've already done). [...]
PROS: Looks great, seems sturdy, cheap.BUT, shoulder strap is permanently attached (wth) and NO space for documents or papers (not even one, unless you fold them). I understand wanting to keep it small, but literally they could have made the front pocket 1/2" bigger and a file folder would likely fit.OK, so you don't want to carry ANY documents? No problem, get a SLEEVE instead of this hybrid sleeve messenger.The bag tries to be more than one thing and fails at both unfortunately. The bulk and stupidity of a non removable shoulder strap on a bag this size makes someone wanting the ultra compactness of a sleeve go that route, while anyone wanting space for at least ONE sheet of paper will need to look elsewhere.Really wanted to like this, but just not practical so cannot recommend.
I was worried about some of the mp3 and video playing capabilities of this player. According to some specs it only plays bit rates in powers of two (64, 128, 256) and only played VBR up to 160 kbps. But this just isn't true. It played my mp3s that were 192 kbps VBR, 160 kbps VBR, 160 kbps fixed bit rate, and 128 kbps fixed bit rate. It also played my short .mpg videos that my sony digital camera can record without any problems. Was able to play a movie that our previous player couldn't. This is a great buy.
THOUGHT I WOULD SAVE SOME MONEY AND BUY THIS FOR MY SON AND NEPHEW. NOONE COULD GET THIS TO WORK PROPERLY. COULD NOT DOWNLOAD THE MUSIC WITHOUT A BIG HASSLE EVEN THOUGH WE HAVE A NEW DELL WINDOWSXP COMPUTER. NOTHING WAS EASY ABOUT THIS ONE.WELL, MY SON FURIOUS THAT I CHEAPED OUT ON HIS XMAS GIFT, SAVED FOR AN IPOD. WHAT A DIFFERENCE. HE TOOK IT OUT OF THE BOX, PLUGGED IT IN AND BEGAN LOADING MUSIC. YOU JUST CANNOT COMPARE THE INTERNAL SOFTWARE. SPEND THE XTRA AND GET AN IPOD!
Second one of these that's failed, totally failed. First time it was under warranty, and they sent me A REFURB!!! to replace it.Refurb just crashed, and I'm SOL.Do not buy this piece of trash unless you have data you want to permanently get rid of.Matter of fact, don't buy a NAS at all -- buy an enclosure that lets you remove and replace your own disks. I'm going to crash this piece of worthless trash open and see if I can salvage any data, but at the moment I'm just praying that I have backup copies of everything.Worthless, worthless, worthless.
the value is extraordinary. This is my 5th player, they just wear out. It has taken a beating and still plays.
Treat them gently. Great for personal viewing. You really see the details. The value is excellent at this price and they work with any video device.
No question this product is full on, 5 star material. I received a pair of these phones in 1991 (maybe 1990, not sure), as a birthday present from my aunt and uncle. Since receiving them, I have taken them with me all over the world. I've slept with them on my head on 15 hour flights, I have slept with them in my bed, they have been abused and trounced in all kinds of luggage.Not only do these things sound incredible, they obviously hold up VERY well considering the abuse I have heaped upon mine and they are STILL working and sounding perfectly after these EIGHTEEN (18) years. I am in awe of their...awesomeness.I have replaced the ear pads once, with these Beyer Dynamic velour pads (highly recommended btw): [...]I'm 36 years old, and wondering if I will be willing these things to one of my children?! :)
Very good sound , small size, good design, look cool, but... and this is a very big but, it does not come with a screen at all, I think that the geniuses of apple can put a small screen if they want it to, but apparently they think that the user don't need a screen, but at least in my case they got it wrong because I really like to search for my songs
I think this is a great product. You can listen to your IPOD through the speakers without running down the battery. You can also use it to charge your battery. This has some good speakers - of course not great ones like surround sound, but I'm not looking for that. These speakers really suit my need so I can listen to my IPOD around the house and have something portable - both my IPOD and the speaker system. I think this is just the right price too.
This item seems to be working pretty good, have not had much use for it these days, but when I needed to use it, it worked fairly good.
this is a good camera at a real good price (i got it for $79.99 only!). The only real issue is that its VERY big compared to other digital cameras and has a manual shutter which can be a bit annoying !.Otherwise for $80 you can't ask for more. the picture quality is pretty good and prints from it look great too!. The zoom is nice and the LCD pretty good. Doesn't hog that much battery too!!
Not sure if this is exactly the same product:Our purchase:Belkin F6D3230-4 wireless A+G router:the port 80 pass through does Not workwe cannot see our web server from outside the LANPrevious router (non wireless Navini) worked fine.Internal Lan can see the web serverDirect connect of Server to ISP enables world to see our web serverSo it seems the Belkin "virtual server" is faultyWith WEP I connect OK but my manager, about 8 metres away, drops out. With no WEP all are on OK.Reboot of router required about once per day.
This is a great card no complains here tons of space to store photos videos or you Nintendo Wii saves.
I have both and the Creative Zen Vision M is simply the Best. The sound quality (and I am very picky ), the battery life the video quality. battery life in the ipod really sucks. I have never had a problem with my creative and it even looks much better than the ipod, cooler I would say!!! The Touch pad is better than the wheel (searching a song is easier). You can find a son alphabetically and when for exmple you reach the top of letter A if you keep pressing the touch pad you skip directly to the letter Z (it does the same from Z to A). You can delete a song, or an album or an artist just by using one of the keys in the player. All the features (find a song, description of the track, bookmark, etc) are a huge plus. It works fantastically with WM11 so you don't need the creative explorer. The FM radio is simply great and so is the record capability. I put so many videos in my Zen and God you can enjoy for example a Simpsons episode with all the sound enhancements. It also supports more video files extension than the ipod (only mp4). In some places you can get it for just 180 bucks (30Gb version). Just buy it!!! [...]
Since I had a D-Link router, I went with the D-Link switch. Pluged all the wires in the proper places, turn it on and it work with no problem nothing to reconfigure. It even seems that my internet connect is working faster with this switch, but don't ask me why, because I couldn't tell you.The switch has really helped out because of the computers on the 1st floor and my PS3 is in the basement.
Quite simply, this caller ID display is too hard to read from any angle EVEN if it has brand new batteries in it, AND the contrast is turned up all the way. The display is just too dim. Save your money and don't buy this one.
I set up the bluetooth on two Apple Powerbooks G4 "17" one being the NEW MacBook Pro. Works 'ok' on the older powerbook somewhat 'erratic' though. The new one IS ACTING non-discoverable! no matter how many configs. lol looks nice as a paper weight.
I had an A510 which I dropped with the lens extended and that was the end of that. I wanted something similar so I wouldn't have to learn a new camera all over again. I've had the A570IS for a couple of days now and I'm really happy with it. It's close enough to the 510 that I'm comfortable with it, yet has several features the 510 didn't have. I especially like the Safety MF feature that works in conjunction with Manual Focus to fine tune the focus even more. The battery compartment lid on mine was a little tricky at first. I'm left handed and it seems to be made to be used with the right hand. If your not careful it would be easy to break. I like the bigger LCD. It makes it easier to compose a picture, but if you're relying on it to show you what your pictures are going to look like forget it, the resolution is horrible. Luckily that isn't an issue for me. For the money you could do a lot worse.
I love these adaptors, extending my 3 6-Foot RG6 Gold plated shielded RF OTA Cables To the F connector Input of LCD HDV TV. A 25 Cable is too long and no interference or drop S/N ratio that I noticed. Sweet 18!
so here's the scoop... if you're OCD and you want ALL of your tapes to look exactly the same, don't buy this. the packaging may look like the other packages you have purchased... but it comes in orange packaging with lackluster graphics printed on the wrapper. the tapes themselves are slightly different, still with the red strip at top and red printing on the side, they've just altered it a bit. and the paper sleeve is more flimsy and comes up slightly on the front side now, as opposed to flush with the bottom.i mean... yeah they're sony dv tapes, they get the job done. but as far as aesthetics, i just figured i would let any crazified systematic perfectionists know that its not the same batch as is currently pictured (blue package)just buy them.
Just what the title says. I put my old HD in the case, hooked it up, and plugged it in. I popped the drivers CD in the drive and waited for it to install. I should have known there would be a problem when the disk didn't auto-run, but no big deal. I ran the install file in the main directory of the disk and promptly got an error message that the application only works in Win98 and Win2000.I looked through all the folders on the disk, but could not find a Win7 driver. (I also did not see one for XP, but that is a side issue.) Next I looked on the manufacturer's Web site, but there are no drivers for any of their external storage units.Finally, I did a Web search for drivers, hoping to find some on a site I could trust. I didn't find drivers, but I did find a lot of people saying this thing does not work in Win7.
I'm just letting it known that I've had the same experience of many other reviewers here. I was very, very impressed with these earbuds, purchased after I lost the ones that came with the iPhone. I found the improvement in quality well worth the premium price compared to Apple's offering. But after about three months, the right earbud stopped working, and I had to get a replacement pair, which took about three weeks. Since I don't have another pair of headphones that work with the iPhone's recessed audio jack, I couldn't use the iPhone with headphones in that time, which was frustrating.And today, not quite three months after receiving my replacement, I am repeating the process, with the same exact problem. It's frustrating, knowing I could have bought Apple's headphones, and returned them to the Apple store for immediate replacement, if I'd had any problems (but since my various Apple earbuds have never failed prematurely, I doubt it would have come up).UPDATE (4/11/09): Well, one month after the warranty expires, a third pair has failed, in the exact same manner. When I received that replacement pair, the cord had been noticeably reinforced, so I hoped that would prevent the problem from reoccurring, but apparently it only bought me a few more months. The warranty being expired less than a month, I'm tempted to ask the company to fix the problem one more time, but why would I want another pair of defective earphones? I think I'm going with the Maximo iP-HS2 this time.
My last extension cord tore after the wife accidentally got it caught up in the vacuum cleaner. I needed a replacement but was flabbergasted at the prices the local brick and mortar stores were charging. I went online and found the Hosa Straight Extension Cable.This cable does the job it is meant to do with no extras. I cannot attest to the longevity of the product but it has withstood several months now of daily use without any tearing. I also do not detect any loss of quality or sound when in use.Overall, a worthwhile purchase that I am happy with.
The prisms on both sides of this device fell out of place. It doesn't work anymore. Does not hold up to standard use.
Wish I read the reviews here more completely. This was a complete piece of trash. Like with others, the speaker would not play for more than 30 seconds at a time no matter what I did. After a while I could feel that the speaker was over heating so I left it unplugged. Sure enough it came back and played for another 30 seconds and then quit. It's going back to Amazon immediately!
I bought my 640CW last fall because of its wireless capabilities. I'm an advanced graduate student, and I take class notes on a laptop. This printer makes it possible for me to print from my laptop, rather than having to transfer a file to a flashdrive and then to my desktop, just to print. I've gone through perhaps 10-12 cartridges to date and counting (I do a ton of printing) and been able to use every cartridge I've ever bought.That said, I should clarify that I have had occasional problems with a cartridge INITIALLY: Occasionally after installing, I get a message indicating there is no cartridge installed. I tried removing and reinstalling a few times, without the message disappearing. It seems like once the printer starts to give that message (that there is no cartridge), it gets stuck in that message loop. The way I've worked around it is literally to unplug the printer, keep it off a minute or so, then plug it back in and turn it on. Then it works fine, recognizing the cartridge and functioning properly.So, try that, and see if it helps. It's an occasional pain, but it does work for me, if I do this. It's because of this occasional glitch that I'm giving this a 4-star score. However, in fairness, I should point out that I don't truly know if it's an issue with the cartridge or with the printer design.
Thought I would go for a cheap alternative to the sony. Big mistake. It might not work too bad when you are out of the shower, but it is not near loud enough to be heard over the shower. I ended up selling it for $2 at a garage sale. I even felt a little bad getting that much for it.
The set-up is simple, the controls are intuitive. You can buy routers with greater features, speed, etc, but for the price conscious person who needs a simple home network this is a great choice.
These headphones are a great alternative to high-end headphones like BOSE. They have a great sound quality and the bass is awesome. The only bad thing that I didn't like about these headphones is that they look wierd on your head and they're power hungry. If you are going to use these on your mp3 player or directly connecting to your computer, you will NOT get a good sound quality. This is simply because these appliances do not have the power to support 50mm drivers embedded in the headphones. I had to buy an amplifier to to boost signals coming from my mp3 player and the music came to life. A cheap and portable amplifier you can buy is the 3-headphone volume booster (#33-1109) from RadioShack.
This is on par with having nothing except a bit more expensive. Mine makes a high pitch whine when it plays. The sound quality is similar to the religious AM stations in the backwoods of Alabama. All in all, I'd suggest taking your money and giving it to a homeless person over buying this product.
This is by far one of the leading HDTVs in the market today. I did some extensive research before investing nearly $1,200 on this LCD HDTV and I must say that you can never go wrong with Toshiba. I have been a Toshiba owner for the past 12+ years and my oldest TV set needed repair after 9 years of use (a worn out tuner card; my fault for using high power VCR units in the antenna connection instead of the AV input). If you are looking for cheaper competitors like Sceptre or Vizio, remember you get what you pay for. You may be saving a few hundered dollars buying the cheaper brand but you will save the headache later during your ownership period.The picture quality on this HDTV is the best I have seen on a 42". I have looked at Sharp's AQUOS, Vizio, Secptre, Panasonic and Mitsubishi and I absolutely fell in love with this. The only two things that I did not like on this TV is that:1) The PC input only goes up to 1024x768.2) There is no PIPThe free shipping is also great. The courier called my house and made an appointment for delivery. It arrived at my door set with not a single scratch. I instaled this TV on my wall using a swivel wall mount. I can pull the TV out of the wall and turn it left and right so I can watch it from all directions.Toshiba has once again maintained its reputation in my book. With over a decade of having owned Toshibas, from CRT to projection TV and now LCD HDTVs, I could not have found a better way to invest my money.
First and foremost a TV must produce crisp, colorful, flicker- and artifact- free images. The HLT6187s passes this basic requirement with flying colors. The richness of color and sharp, clear resolution provided by the DLP chip technology make this set one of the most stunning performers I've ever seen, at *any* price point. The relative affordability is an added bonus, giving you the opportunity to have a large screen experience at a small-screen price versus flat panel display technologies.Looking a step deeper, this TV is packed with innovative technology that should really make a difference. First, the new LED light engine promises the elimination of the DLP "rainbow effect" that some people (myself included) can occasionally see. At the same time, it provides a reliable light source that should last the life of the set without requiring lamp replacement or service. Finally, it draws less energy to run the LEDs, saving electricity and reducing heat output. This also means silent operation (no noisy cooling fan!).This new technology has also enabled Samsung to add stereoscopic viewing capability to this display when hooked to a PC running the proper software. This is akin to having your own "4D" or Imax theater in your living room. It is quite possible that this technology will be the next big thing in home entertainment. If so, this television is ready to go.This set replaced my 7-year-old Toshiba 57" CRT-based HDTV and the difference between the two is like night and day. The picture quality and overall ease of setup and use are to the point of perfection. The generous set of input jacks guarantee that you'll be able to hook up all of your sources using the best-quality input they support. I'd say I wish I'd switched to DLP sooner but the innovative new LED light engine and 3D features in this television haven't been available for very long so I'm glad I waited. It's been a long time since I've been this satisfied with a purchase and therefore it gets my highest recommendation!
I really regret that I brought this junk. I was deceived by its stylish look, and when I started using it, immediately I found that the cursor keys and the page up/down, home/end keys are so awkwardly placed, making the keyboard virtually useless in OS where you absolutely need those keys -- like Windows. I doubt if Microsoft has made this keyboard for UNIX users, those who are used to vi or Emacs, where you type Ctrl+F to move the cursor to the right, etc.
Expectations are everything. My experience with the incompetence of the consumer A/V industry must lower mine. I've heard the complaints about the speed and clumsiness of this unit but I have no major complaints about it. I must admit that I place a higher priority on picture and audio quality, and this unit is awesome on both counts. In addition, the transport is well designed, quiet and well balanced.For those of you shopping for one of these, make sure you read the dimensions. This sucker is HUGE. It's much deeper than any of my other equipment, including my Sony ES receiver. I had to cut the back out of my A/V cabinet in order for it to fit. Again, no biggie. I'd have bought a new piece of furniture for it.The time required to set up this unit is nothing when compared with the nightmare of displaying, storing, and handling 350 DVDs. My wife and I spent about three hours inserting the discs and entering the titles, using a keyboard and a spreadsheet of our movies. It took me another hour to divide the DVDs into the four included groups in the Disc Explorer. I divided them into Family, Action, CDM (Comedy Drama Musical) and Other (special features, yoga, documentaries). Seems to work so far for me.Is the Disc Explorer the greatest thing in the world? Nope, but it works fine if you are too lazy to have a printout of your movies nearby. The best part is that it's not required in order to use the unit, which gives you lots of flexibility. If you are serious about your video system, use DVDlobby and you'll never use Disk Explorer again.I've heard complaints about the speed of the transport on this unit. Again, expectations are everything. How long does it take to look through the movies in your media cabinet, decide which one you want, open the sometimes bizzarre packaging, load the disc into your player, take the old one out, and put it away?With this unit, it takes 18 seconds to load and play a disk on the opposite side of the platter. It takes 9 seconds to go from viewing a movie to viewing the Disk Explorer. It takes about 4 minutes to navigate through all 400 disks with the Disk Explorer. It's faster if you don't add pictures to the disc names, and some of the names from the disk manufacturers are just wrong, so you might be better off not letting the unit detect your disks.The only movie I had a real problem creating a title for was Confessions of a Dangerous Mind since there was only room for &quot;Conf/Dangerous M&quot;. I settled for &quot;Dangerous Mind&quot;. I know my movies well enough that I don't require an entire paragraph to remind me.If you are interested in using this unit for SACD, remember that you must have a 5.1 channel input on your receiver. If you have more CDs than DVDs, don't expect this thing to be a good CD player. It isn't, but I've never seen a DVD player that was. Buy a megaCD changer and save yourself the trouble.
This item was purchased to accompany my computer when I travel. It attaches easily to the computer. I listen to music and radio from the internet or watch DVD's. The sound is far superior to that of the computer speakers and comparable to a good quality radio.I love it.The batteries work satisfactorily but I carry the adapter which is more economical and weighs less than a supply of AA batteris.Check prices. They vary widely.
I fly a great deal and find this set an ideal accessory whether in the cramped coach compartment or the less cramped business class seat. I purchased my IPod two years ago and have much better fortune than other reviewers of this prodct. I have noticed no fraying. Moreover, the convenience of controlling the Ipod without removing it from the case while eating or dozing is a great advantage. If you have a classic or other older Ipod it is not compatible with this controller.
I was kind of skeptical about the price. Most other catalogs or websites I have looked at ask this much for a single set of cables. The description and the pictures don't really make it obvious that you are getting 4 sets of cables for this price!I have an Omnicube KVM by Belkin so I at least know these will work.On the other hand the cables are NOT siamesed. Or to put it in plain speak, for each set of cables there is a separate vga cable and two separate mini-din serial cables. this means kind of a mess of cables behind your computers. And if you have 4 computers with ethernet, power etc, then you are already contending with a rats nest! Get some bulk velcro cable ties and manage that stuff!Also, these cables are not labeled at all to indicate 1-4 or mouse/keyboard. So have a sharpie handy!Also, the video quality is not stunning. Though it could be the KVM itself that is the weak link.
I was moved to compose this review after reading several of the existing reviews below. My experience with these speakers has been very positive. When wish to listen to music or watch a movie on my laptop or smartphone and want to share the experience and cannot use a headset I use this compact, well make speaker system. I use a small ac adapter. The sound is adequate for two sitting in relative close proximity.I note another reviewer complaining of noise which sounds like interference. My bet is that his computer produced the noise. Placement of the speakers as far as possible from the computer may resolve the problem if it does, in fact, occur with your computer. I do not have this problem with my MacBook Air, my Dell laptop or HTC Android.If you travel and do not want to rely only on headphones these are a very good choice as a travel companion.
What a nightmare! The first Linksys LNE100 TX EtherFast 10/100 Lan CARD with WOL I got was &quot;bad&quot; and was not acknowledged by my system. When I called the customer support line, I was told this is very common. I got another card and when the 'add hardware' wizard came up, it could not find the driver. I did everything to get the driver installed.... followed the instructions, browsed for the driver, tried to manually install it...everything...When I called the alleged 365 24/7 support line this afternoon, I was put on hold for 15-20 mins each time to then get connected to an answering machine! Tonite, I finally reached someone who was like the rude obnoxsious tech guy from Saturday Night Live. He gave me the same instructions that I had already tried but I tried again after I hung up with him and still no luck. He was a horrible guy...&quot;Well Sue,it's been fun but I gotta go now!&quot; I called back to speak to someone else and this next guy stated that I was missing my driver file after I told him everything that was in my a:\win95 folder. He made an attempt to be polite with me but nevertheless kept telling me to just return the product for a refund if it was not working with my computer. He told me that they do not guarantee their products on all systems. I had to remind him that I was missing the driver. I downloaded the driver from the net but that file did not work either. I will return the card and the router and NEVER do business with Linksys again. Nobody ever called me back when I left my message in the afternoon and their machine. They are laughing all the way to the bank at people buying their products as far as I'm concerned.
I purchased this item refurbished in 2006; it was a really good buy. It has worked great.I use it to scan stuff (and it is so much faster than my old scanner); the scanner works great. And you can save the scanned file as a jpeg or pdf. You can scan multiple pages and save them as one file or separate files.I have used it as a copier, but not very much. It also works well.And I use it as a printer. It works great. I usually print using fast mode, and sometimes in standard mode; I rarely use high mode. It also has feature that allows you to preview the page before you print it; that saves on ink and paper, because I sometimes catch a problem before it prints.It prints color or black. I use black only these days, since the cartridges are cheaper. The cartridges are moderately priced.I have not used it to interface with my digital camera to print pictures, so I can not comment on that feature. I have also not used the memory card feature.I would buy this item again, if I needed it (or I would be a similar Canon Pixma product).
Ordered just before a long flight, really made a difference compared to the cheap earbuds I have been using. Comfortable fit and amazing audio quality. As others have noted, a low quality recording will sound worse. I noticed a big improvement with large WMA files compared to MP3's...you can actually hear the difference when listening with a computer,quality is a bit lower with a PDA. Definitely recommend.
Even at Amazon's lower price, this ink costs $7,480.00 per gallon. How can anyone have anything positive to say about such robbery? This is not Amazon's fault; in fact, Amazon offers this ink at the lowest price I have found. I guess it could be worse as some Epson inks price out to over $20,000.00 per gallon.Thanks Amazon for doing what you can to help.
I was looking for a surge protector that protected ALL of the following: My TV, DIRECTV box, PlayStation 3, Xbox, and home theater sound system. This surge protector does exactly that and has plently of joules to do so. The only reason I rated it 4 out of 5 stars instead of 5 out of 5, is the surge protector feels kinda cheap. It works, but I've only had it for one day. I will change my rating to 5 out of 5 stars if it is still working in a year.
...as at least one reviewer noted, I've also had the problem where midway through a song, the player seems to grind to a halt. If I hold down fast-forward, I can still hear the track (at increased speed, of course)...but nothing seems to be able to make the player "wake up" and play the remainder of the track.However, this peculiar playback problem seems to be file-specific, and has occurred fewer than 10 times. So far, I've transferred about 4,000 songs to the Sansa (at one time or another). So it's not a disastrous failing, merely a rare nuisance.Strangest of all: the halted playback occurs on more than half of the .MP3s (or .WMAs) ripped from different CDs by the same artist! It's as if there's something about his music the Sansa doesn't like. I've tried using different programs to rip the tracks, and it doesn't help. Very odd.Another complaint: when playing CDs which run continuously, with no silence between tracks (Sgt. Pepper being an obvious example), the Sansa hiccups; you hear a brief, glitchy-sounding silence before the next track begins.With recordings which are supposed to have silence between songs, it isn't noticeable. And you can work around it: but only by ripping an entire CD as a single file, thus losing the ability to skip tracks.To me, this is important. I enjoy many genres of music in which it's common for a CD to have a small number of long tracks, all running together.I have some problems with crackling or dropouts when I'm walking -- but I suspect my particular player is getting a bit worn, such that the headphone jack doesn't always make good contact. Mostly I listen while riding the bus, or sitting at my desk: and in those instances, it's not an issue. (Some headphone cables seem less prone to these kinds of problems.)But enough complaining...Apple has put an incredible effort into developing an aura of "cool" around the iPod, making it seem an essential purchase for absolutely everyone. They've been remarkably successful. Especially when you consider how limited all iPods are: both in terms of features, and the fact that you're absolutely forced to use iTunes.The folks at SanDisk haven't insulted my intelligence by assuming I need hand-holding at every little step. And they give me options: drag-and-drop, or Windows Media Player.Apple, Inc. insist they know what's best, and accordingly give their users extremely limited choices...often, no choice at all.So I never gave serious thought to buying an iPod.And why should I? Not when I can have a player which is both flexible and easy to use, comes in a wide variety of models, has expandable memory...and good sound quality. Oh yes, and it isn't a fragile little thing (my Sansa has survived more than one drop to the pavement...still playing when I picked it up).[update]Headphone jack crackling-noise problem solved. I spoke with a clerk at a store which sells used audiophile gear, asking whether this sounded like a permanent hardware problem. We tried using a bit of "contact cleaner" type solvent on the jack. After a few seconds of letting the stuff work its way into the unit, no more noise whatsoever. More than a week later, still working perfectly (regardless of which headphones used).The solvent BTW is called "DeoxIT Gold". There is also a "DeoxIT" product--from the same company, minus "Gold" in the name--used primarily to clean and remove oxidation. The Gold solution is for improving contact and performance (with connections which are already clean). I've been pleased with the effectiveness of both products: not just with the Sansa, but with all kinds of electronic gear (audio and video, digital cameras, NiMH batteries and chargers; might be helpful with PCs and peripherals but haven't tried).Yes, this sounds like an advertisement. No, I don't work for them!
A great, set-it-and-forget-it reconditioning charger. The default charge setting is slow, but easy on batteries. Your BC-900 should always stay cool, assuming you don't set it for a quick charge. Upon fully charging, the unit automatically goes into trickle-charge mode: something every battery charger should do (most don't).Testing batteries is even slower than charging them. The refresh mode is interminable! BUT...all of these functions work. Exactly the way they should.M. Carlos III's review says it all. I'm grateful he helped me to decide on this purchase. I own a lot of NiMH batteries--mostly types AA and AAA--so the La Crosse is by far the best choice. (And having used those superhot 15-minute quick-chargers in the past, I have several batteries needing refreshing.)I have a small gripe. Rather than save approximately $5.50 by purchasing this item via one of amazon's partners, I decided to buy it direct from amazon at the price of $59.71. (I thought it might ship more quickly -- and in the unlikely event of an exchange being necessary, there'd be less hassle.)Now, amazon has dropped the price to $53.94. Lower than the $54.23 price (still offered by UnbeatableSale, Inc.) that I'd passed up.As anyone watching the news has seen, my minor annoyance is nothing compared to the ire of the early adopters of the iPhone, who paid at least $100 more than its current price.Why should this be news? It often happens with electronics: prices drop quickly.I feel slightly burned, having missed the lower price by a week. Still, I have little basis for complaint. Many retailers are selling the La Crosse charger for significantly more than any of these prices.One more thing: this amazon.com page offers links to a data sheet and "product manual". In fact, the latter .PDF is of the quick-start manual. The full manual is much more detailed; a printed copy is included with the charger.The BC-900 charger is a complex product. Don't be surprised that the manual (the one linked here) doesn't explain every detail. It's intended only as an introduction.I don't know whether the full-size manual is available as a .PDF file -- if so, it would be much larger than 3.56MB!
This printer has been an absolute nightmare. We wanted an all in one so we wouldn't have so many machines in our office. Well when you try to print something it stops halfway and you can't get it to finish printing without shutting down your pc and the printer and rebooting everything. This might work if you're lucky. We've called HP several times to no avail. They seem to have no idea what the problem is because they've had us try all sorts of nonsence that doesn't work. They were absolutely no help. I could get a realiable printer for the fraction of the cost and that's what I intend to do. We've stuck with this printer for so long because of the cost, but I just can't take it anymore.
It's got a nice form factor; sleek look; is easy to connect. I spent several hours trying to get this thing to work to no avail. Error messages kept popping up with instructions to unlock the mechanism that secures the scanning piece while in transit, unplug the USB connector, reconnect, and try again. Time and again it simply did not work.The online Canon documentation was useless, and attempts to contact Canon through the web site resulted in an auto responder and NEVER any assistance from a subsequent inquiry to Canon based on instructions in the auto responder.Technical problems aside, if you are looking for a (Canon) scanner primarily for web graphics and don't need perfectly flawless scans, you can cut the price tag in half if you get the Canon 650u or spend a few bucks more for the metallic finish of the Canon 656u.
This Lenmar battery works well, was very affordable and lasted about what I can recall the new Canon battery as lasting. This battery worked well with my older Canon Powershot Digital Elph SD 400 as well as my newer SD 1400 IS and is much cheaper than the Canon battery. I bought two and I am happy with my purchase. I recommend it.
I got this Marantz amp in addition to a Marantz sr6004 reciever to power multiple speakers in my houseThe ZS5300 works perfectly and delivers up to three different inputs to each zone, in my case audio from my ipod, itunes via airport express, and TV.The sound is clean and the setup is very easy.I would advise using this with a universal remote control with an RF repeater so you can control the sound to all the different rooms in your house from anywhere.Overall, very pleased with the zs5300.If I could suggest anything it would be more zones on one amp.
I've tried a lot of earphones for exercise and these are the ones I keep gravitating back to. They are NOT refined and detailed like expensive earphones, but, they are fantastic for exercise. The overall tonality is remarkably accurate for the price, bass does not go very deep alas but it is honest bass, not exaggerated, and the best part is they are very dynamic; they have great pacing and dynamism. I love that they fold up too. There are not audiophile quality, I want to emphasize that (I use Shure E3c for my audiophile airplane listening) but for exercise if you want a good fun honest convenient headset it's hard to beat these. Value is outstanding.
Very functional, sounds good. For higher end audio systems I tend to like higher quality cables for a little more refined sound, but for an iPod the sound quality is more limited by the iPod itself than the cable. If you are doing lossless format on a Classic 80 or 160 it might be worthwhile to go to a higher quality cable.
Ok, when Apple offered an ipod with no screen, where the songs are offered to you randomly, I thought - this is so DUMB. Then I tried it. Now my Nano and Classic 80 just sit gathering dust. This device is so small and light and sounds great, and hey I just use iTunes to keep my current play-list on it. If I don't feel like listening to a particular song, I just hit "skip". IMPORTANT: The sound can be a little lightweight unless you use earphones that have substantial bass. I upgraded to earphones by Westone. Awesome match with the Shuffle.
I am a great fan of Canon products generally, but the the printer that requires this cartridge as a refill, well, it uses up the ink oddly fast. With my NEC laser printer, one $100 cartridge will last me 3 years. With this Canon printer, one $20 cartdridge lasts one month most. Do the math.
This is working out perfectly well as an extension for a pair of earphones for my aunt, who is hard of hearing and wanted a means to watch TV without disturbing neighbors. It comes with a variety of attachments which is a plus.
I've purchased two other after-market batteries for this camera, and was disappointed with their performance. This one works great.
I got my first iPod about three years ago when it was a second generation with the scroll wheel and the four touch buttons on the top.So much has changed in three years!I resisted upgrading my iPod because of rumors floating around the internet of a new model coming out sometime in June of this year. However, I unexpectedly received the 80GB iPod as a gift and figured a free iPod that will still be the "new" model for a few months is worth keeping!What an improvement over my old iPod. I had only about an hour tops of battery life left in the old thing, with scratches all over it. The screen wasn't color, it didn't support videos, photos, or album art, and because it had a 20GB capacity I had to limit the amount of music I kept on it... all things that didn't really bother me until I got the new iPod.I have already loaded ~6100 songs on it, 95 videos (TV shows, which you can convert from DVD to mp4 format with iSquint if you have a Mac), and almost a gig of pictures. I got this iPod just after returning from a two and a half month stay in Europe and a short stay in Asia shortly thereafter, so I don't anticipate much traveling in my future but this iPod would be so much fun to have while traveling. With my old iPod, I couldn't listen to more than one or two full CDs without the battery dying, so flights and waits in airports were very long and dull! I can't wait to travel again, especially now that I have this iPod to listen to hours and hours of music (long enough for the entire flight to most places!), videos to watch, and photos to look at.
Frustrated by the lack of information about this product, I called Pantone. I was told that this product is EOL. What you order now is it. Pantone has discontinued this product. Bummer of the summer.
I bought this receiver because it had a microphone for auto-calibration. The mike has a female tripod screw for mounting on a tripod. I decided to do the calibration with the mike mounted on the top of my head. This method seems to have worked fine.The other nifty feature is that when you turn on the receiver, it starts with the previous setting. If you turned it off with the video setting (TV), it turns on with the TV. If you turned it off with the FM tuner and turn it on again, you have the FM tuner. Clever.It has more power than I need.Considering the price, it is a great value.
My Book has gone into the dead cockroach position. It is dead as a door-nail. I need to contact WD to see if they will stand behind their product.
I travel a lot and use a lot of rental cars.This allows me to hook up my GPS and go. It does fall off on rare occasions but not enough to really bother me.
If you are looking for a portable computer this SONY is simply awesome. A notebook or laptop it is not; its big and heavy by todays standards but the performance is fantastic!The Gateway desktop died (will never buy from them again) and couldn't be brought back to life so I decided to pick up a &quot;notebook&quot;. The FRV37 is blazing fast, the screen is large, bright and clear &amp; its got plenty of HD space (if you need more consider getting an external USB hard drive). With a CD and a DVD burner you really don't need a desktop machine anymore. It comes with a nice software bundle. Its got firewire built in and is great for capturing video from digital video cameras. If you go on vacation, take this computer, a Sony or Canon Digitial video cam and an Olympus digital camera and everyone on the trip can go home with CDs or DVDs of the trip.Buy this machine if you want to replace your desktop, you don't need long bettery life (it gets about 2 hours max), and you want something portable but not light weight. The only thing missing is built in wireless but for about $50.00 you can get a wireless card that will do the trick. This computer has NEVER crashed unlike all previous computers (desktops from Gateway) that crashed frequently.Only 4 stars because its heavy, has short battery life and missing built in wireless.
These headphones vere designed to offer comfort, portability and good sound. They perform adequately in every account.Comfort: earpieces are adjustable from very tight clamping of the ear up to not touching the ear surface altoghter. The former setting makes base more pronounced, while the latter is a blessing in hot weather and gives wide and airy feel to music. (If you don't mind ear-mounted phones, you look at Koss KSC-35 - same drivers)Portability: folded, they are about clutched fist size. While not miniscule, they offer nice compromise. Beware: even folded they will not fit into a pocket and can be easily crushed if carried in that manner. (Better folding phones: Senn's PX100/200). On the other hand, folded they will easily take a short fall undamaged.Sound: While definitely not audiophile-grade, they present (arguably) the best base (along with KSC-35) this side of $50. Their ajustability of the drivers position allows the wearer to make some corrections on-the fly (closer fit - more pronounced base, looser fit - better imaging and more balanced sound).
This thing is slick. It sounds great, the form factor is awesome, very small and thin, yet feels durable enough so that it won't break in your pocket. The color screen is very nice and the controls are very intuitive.That being said, the only reason I bought this iPod was because the battery in the old Mini I had was absolute crap, yet I had invested a tidy sum in music from iTunes. Hopefully this iPod will perform better than the mini series but, malfunctioning batteries or not, the best bet is to buy CDs and burn them to MP3 so you are not locked into buying iPods all the time and the outrageously overpriced accessories required to do anything but listen to it with headphones.
First, let me say I'm not to terribly particular about audio/video stuff but there was one of these TVs in the office as a computer monitor and I'd seen them in the local stores and they looked awesome. It's a fantastic value; the picture is outstanding for TV or DVDs. If you live in or near a major city you don't need cable or anything like that to get the same picture you see in the stores for your local channels.Get theIndoor Amplified TV Antennawith this TV and you'll be able to get local channels broadcast in HD just fine. They look awesome on this TV! If you have more than one TV on the same channel, one with an HD antenna and one without, they will be receiving two different signals so you'll want to make sure multiple TVs if you have them, are all on HD or not. If you don't, you'll get an echo.The sounds is really good, the remote is top-notch, the picture is great, the TV looks slick and it is a great size for just about any room.
With the cost of basic cable going through the roof, this is a great investment especially if you have an HDTV. Drop 50 bucks or so on this, pick up HD signals for your local channels and some other ones and pay no cable bill.If you need movie channels, ESPN, Comedy Central, Discovery or the few other channels that one might actually watch on cable, this antenna WILL NOT get those. If you just want to get the major networks and keep $600 - $1200 in your pocket each year instead of giving it to Comcast then get one of these and buy or rent a DVD if there is a movie you really want to see. The picture with this is every bit as good as what you see on the TVs in the stores with the signs next to them telling you you need to get cable and/or DirecTV.
This unit fits my 2000 Dodge Intrepid beautifully, but not so much the XO radio with USB and SD card slots. Although the Chrysler bracket is made of cast iron and weighs 11 pounds, this one is plastic, but pretty sturdy. I had to use a bit of gorilla glue on the edge and bottom of the frame to hold the radio solidly in place as it was just a bit wide to accomodate those side "thingies" you see in the product photo. So I had to install the radio without the thingies. But it looks great and I am proud of myself. Wifey thinks I am a true genius.
I thought I would give this product a try, because I liked the idea of protecting the LCD screen on my iPAQ. However, three application tries later, I returned them. It was impossible to get the film applied without leaving small bubbles and or smears. The iPAQ has such a nice looking screen that having the film there with bubbles etc really detracted from the quality. I could not have used it like that.
System delivers great sound, but the speakers are on the large size - good for sound, but not so good if you're short on space. The big surprise is how deep the speakers are (11.5 high by 6.5 wide by 9.5 deep). Another drawback is that the CD player does not do a fast forward or reverse scan without the remote (it will skip forward/back by track).All that I really needed was a CD player (not a radio receiver), and if this is the case for you, consider the Bose Companion 2 Series II speakers for $99. These are self-amplified (which means they need a nearby wall plug for power) and they will plug right into a portable CD player or a laptop computer. This is what I should have done, as they are cheaper, smaller, and produce adequate sound for my kitchen.
The best thing you can say about any selector and that is there is no signal loss with this selector.
The concept of this thing is great- I wished it worked like it said it did for me. Im in southern california & couldnt get a clear signal no matter where I drove. Very frustrating, so I returned it.
I was pleasantly surprised with the Logitech speakers. The size and appearance are just what I needed. The sound is great and they take up very little desk space. I am very happy with this purchase.
These things are cheap, work exactly as expected, and are really small. You can put your devices far out of IR remote shot and still control them. I'm also surprised how easily they are to set up (just plug them in). The regular plugs instead of power adapters is also nice.
I got this keyboard for my HTPC over a year ago. It felt solid, and I did like the keyboard layout. The scroll wheel and mouse buttons were excellently placed, and the trackball was also right where it needed to be. The keys felt good typing and the back/forward buttons on the top, as well as the media keys, were great additions. It was almost a perfect keyboard, especially for an HTPC, except for the missed keystrokes. Even when I was just 3 feet from the receiver USB dongle, which I ended up putting in a front USB port to attempt to help, it would still often miss keys. It drove me nuts, and it wasn't consistent. Sometimes it would miss a key once in a while, sometimes it would miss one almost every word, no matter how close or far away I sat or how fast or slow I typed. Being a fast typist this was incredibly frustrating to the point one night I finally just threw it across the room and broke it into a million pieces. Now that I have a Logitech KB (K400) as a replacement, that was even cheaper than this one, I really know what I was missing. I'll miss the layout and special function keys, but not the keyboard itself.
1. I have found that this unit and other VR FM transmitters perform much better than all other FM transmitters I have tried.2. I believe that all low-powered FM transmitters are handicapped by having to comply with federal laws that severely limit the output they are permitted to have. Hence the background noise so often reported.3. If there were some convenient way to switch one's antenna connection to your radio to "Off" when using an FM transmitter there would be no problem with FM stations causing interference. I haven't decided yet how best to do that, but I'm thinking about it.4. I don't believe that the unit being constantly "On" causes any significant drain on your car's battery.
I've not taken a bad picture with this camera yet that wasn't a user error. I love the crisp, clear pictures I get with both macro settings and in shooting long distances. I've uploaded a couple of macro shots to show what an amateur can do with this camera. For the price, you can't go wrong. (I actually traded *down* from a 6 MP Sony to this and like this one MUCH better.)
The idea is great. The implementation is terrible.To start with, the remote shouldn't really be called a remote since you have to be within 5 feet for it to work. It doesn't play correctly. The software that you have to run on your computer is clumsy. Everything about this product is wrong.This thing is a total piece of [...]. D-Link normally produces nice products but they completely missed with this one.
...and then sometimes you get a good bit more than you pay for. I spent about $12 for these, and I can tell you I would gladly have paid more. They're small but substantial, the view is clear and adjustable, in short they're a fantastic value at this price.
I'm brand spanking new to DSL's and took a big plunge with a 400D XTi. I wanted a telephoto; probably more for braggen rights and when I went looking for a telephoto having the 'IS' for Image Stabilizer, something with reach and most importantly looks cool (about 7" long by itself)...well, I had to be realistic about a budget and got this one. As far as quality-hey it's Canon which means pretty good stuff. I rated it at 4 cuz I've not used it yet but for the price? Well, it's either one like this or about a 1000 buck's more. I don't think it's going to see that tick on an elk at 5 miles but it brings those duck's up closer than my point a shoot which seems to always look farther away. Still a bit pricey for us DSL newbies but it's got the all the right stuff for a starter telephoto, in my opinion.
Well, I think this polarized filter is probably the best for the price. I'm brand new to DSL' and I kept stumbling over discussion's about polarized filter's and went looking for one. It's true that you get what you pay for. Theres less expensive ones and certainly more expensive circular polarized filter's. There seemed to be a big jump in price (maybe around $60.00)from this price to a better quality filter. So, for your first try at using a polarized filter's, I think this is a fair price. Granted theres better quality out there.
I've had it for several years, used for 2 different laptops. The thing is that it's got plenty of pockets -- to put your mouse (if you use one), the cords and chargers for whatever device you've got, as well as a full-size pocket inthe back where you can put paper files, as in manila folders (am I showing my obsolescence?).
I think it is funny reading the user reviews who give this a one star because they don't grasp the concept of infrared photography. Actually it's more sad then funny because they are taking away from the products rating but whatever. Anyway this filter works just as good as the Hoya R72 filters as I have owned both.
I ended up having to return my Access Point because it would lock up soon after I established an Ipsec connection (through my VPN software). This happened even after I upgraded the firmware :(
After returning my Linksys wireless gateway because it didn't handle IPSec properly, and the Netgear wireless gateway because it wasn't designed to also be a cable/dsl gateway, Linksys cut price drastically, and so I gave them a try.WOW! It's great! The only downside is that 128 Bit WAP encryption does put a bit of a hit on throughput, but that's to be expected. Otherwise, it gives me a NAT firewall, port-based redirection, a DMZ, and hooked up in minutes! And IPSec works just fine, using NAT mode, which allows me to use my VPN to connect to my company's network.
I was looking forward to a great pair of earphones that I could take to the gym...and while they're great on the subway, these STINK on the treadmill. A little bit of sweat is all you need for them to pop out of your ears, and once that happens, you're out of luck.
There's more room in here than my normal laptop bag, which helps when I'm on a 5-day business trip and need a bit more room. The wheel assembly doesn't take up that much room. The side loader is pretty convenient for getting the laptop out for security. Most importantly, as long as I don't allow any bulges in the front, it fits under the seat in front of me :)My only wish is that it had a luggage strap in the back. I went to Duane Reade and bought one, but it's not quite the same as having one in the case itself.
Purchased for our conference room to connect a PC to an overhead projector. Does the job well for a great price! Would definately buy this again when/if needed.
I bought a pair of these T6400's because of the hope that one watt of power would yield range at least approaching the range advertised for the 1/2 watt family radios (2 miles). What I found is that the whole radio range concept has been turned into one of the biggest marketing scams around. I can't believe it is legal for them to print "up to 5 mile range" on the box, even with all the fine print. I live in a flat section of Austin, Texas, which is not especially dense but does have some foliage and a reasonable number of houses. I tested the radios using a GPS so that I would know the exact distance to the other radio. I could not believe the result. The radios had very clear voice quality to .25 miles. Voices were 80% intelligible at .35 miles. After that, the radios were useless. There are some nice features on these radios, but give me a break. I'm returning them.
This is a great universal remote, particularly because of the help available at the One for All customer support line. I called them twice setting this up and spent very little time on hold. The major limitations are a couple: first, the RF range is small - if you want to control something that the remote can't "see", then you will be using the RF functionality of the remote with the supplied IR/RF control box. In my wood/drywall house, the remote will not work from more than about 15 feet away through a couple of walls. This is not what I was hoping for, but perhaps I can extend the range with a better antenna. Second, when you are controlling via RF, you can't hold a button down and thereby continue transmitting the command. You have to keep pressing volume down repeatedly, for example, in order to lower the volume of the amplifier more than one notch.
(Note: Amazon has deleted certain key info from my review. Since they don't edit comments, read the comment below for the missing info.)After reading through many reviews here, and struggling all day to get this unit running as range extender/repeater, it looks like the negative reviews are mostly from people trying to use it as a repeater. Apparently, if you're just using it as a wireless router, it seems to work fine. In fact, the setup disk and the PDF instructions deal only with that use of the product. If you want to use it to extend the range of your signal, Linksys leaves you without any instruction whatever, despite a blurb on the box stating you can use it as a repeater.Luckily, another reviewer (Pinoy in NJ) was kind enough to detail just how he got the unit to work as a repeater. Definitely start there. A few additional comments:- If you are on a Mac, the installation disk won't run. If you're trying to set up a repeater, the disk is useless anyway. So are the instructions on the PDF file.- You need to have the unit hooked up via the included CAT5 cable to your existing router, or you won't get anywhere. Once you have "programmed" the unit, you will be able to disconnect it, and place it elsewhere in the house.- After attaching the unit to your router, go into your Internet browser and type "[...]". This calls up the setup menu. The login is blank, the password is Admin, unless you changed it.-Type "[...]" to bring up the setup page for your WRT54G router (unless you have a different router)-From the WRT54G pages, you need to find the MAC address. It's in the tab "Status", third line down on that page. Write this down.-On the WAP54G page, click the Setup tab, then the AP Mode subtab. Select the third option, Repeater. Enter the Mac address from the previous step.-I disabled all security, since I couldn't get it to work. Sorry I can't help you there. It was something of a miracle when the thing worked at all. If someone wants to camp out at the curb with a laptop browsing [...], more power to them!-Make sure both the router and the Access Point are tuned to the same channel.At this point, you should be able to disconnect the cable, and still be able to ping the AP using the [...] address. Try accessing the Internet now using a wireless computer somewhere in the house.Wish I could be more specific, but honestly, I found myself repeating the same actions over and over, and it seemed to work finally for no apparent reason. I list the main points above, as these seem to be key.What I wish Linksys (or someone) would sell is a Repeater. You would plug it in to the power (no cable at all), and it would sense the wireless network. Pop in a setup disk, configure the settings and security, and you're done. It doesn't work that way at all.Instead, Linksys provides a button (it looks like the Cisco logo) that blinks furiously for five minutes, and seems to do nothing but change the SSID. It's SUPPOSED to "automatically" set things up, and maybe it does with a newer version of the router (WRT54G), but not mine. There is lots of opinion about the SSID (do they need to match, should you broadcast the SSID). People report that it changes by itself, which means your connection will drop until you pick the new SSID in your Network Connections.All this just to boost the signal to a room at the end of the hall. Linksys needs to make this a MUCH easier process somehow. If someone like me, an IT person with 20 years experience with computers, struggles for a full day to get it to work, there's a problem. No more Linksys for me!
Have not tried the toner yet but it appears to be a standard product from HP, not a generic. The price was substantially less than Staples of Office Depot. The delivery was prompt. My law office uses this toner in HP laserjets all the time.
Worked right away with our RCA TV. SO much better than the $30 one that we bought that never worked with it's 100 code search that failed. I am so glad I got this little remote!
I purchase this item on August 19, 2006 and never received it an the mail!!!!!
I thought the Scanner did a good job for the slides it was quick and easy and the software was great dose make a noise win it scans but not to loud I recommend this for somebody has old slides it is the best on the market that I use!!!!
I always re order this tapes from Amazon because they have the best price and the quality is outstanding on SP mode. I would Highly recommend this product and I use it with my Canon Digital Camcorder.Written by: Josef Holzer
This is the best radio antenna I have ever owned it gets both am and fm and I get Kwave and the fish with no problem it sounds like XM and I have the antenna next to my RCA indoor antenna for the TV and no interference to the TV or radio. I highly recommend it. I paid $19 and it went down win I wrote this review.Josef Holzer
Exactly what I was looking for for my Canon Powershot S2 IS. Does the job well at a great price.
Bought this for my Canon Powershot S2 IS and it's a great snug fit. Love the double latching system (both a latch and velcro). Feels very sturdy and well padded. Lots of carrying options: strap, belt strap, and padded handle. Lots of little pockets for accessories, can hold up to two sets of 4 AA batteries. Plenty of space for extra cards, cables, lens cleaning pen. I haven't gotten my Lens adapter and telephoto adapters for the PowerShot S2 yet. I hope that they'll fit though.
I've owned this drive for 8 months and mainly use it with my MacBook Pro. I've partitioned and formatted it without any difficulties, however whenever I unplug the firewire cable (after dismounting the drive) and it goes into sleep mode, it never wakes up again. The only way I've managed to work around this is to unplug the power cable and plug it back in which becomes annoying after a while. In addition to that I only found out that the firewire and USB connections are on separate modules after purchasing it, which requires removing one and attaching the other one to use the two different interfaces. I don't do that often, but it's still another inconvenience. I've purchased, used, and recommended various Seagate drives before, unfortunately this one seems to favor looks rather than functionality and therefore don't recommend it to others.
For the price you can do a lot worse than a Audigy SE. It does support EAX, kind of and it sounds a notch or two better than your typical onboard audio. However, it has a lot of issues as well. First off, it disables the treble/bass option under the tone control in the control panel. This causes a muffled sound since treble controls the clarity to some degree. The card does come with its own software but the software is merely to beef up the bass, no treble options whatsoever.Even games suffer greatly because of the fact that the treble can't be adjusted. I really don't know what creative was thinking by creating a card that dismisses this option. Maybe they assumed most speakers have a treble adjustment, don't know. Either way, this card is going back and its being replaced with the audigy 4 SE, which better re-enable the treble option.In short, like it says on the box, this is a great upgrade from onboard sound. But that isn't saying much. Did I mention even games sound muffled on this thing? I played a few games and the gun shot effect on all of them sounded like the guns had silencers. This is a result of to much bass and not enough treble but that can't be adjusted thanks to the fact that that option isn't enabled on this piss poor card. The soundblaster live was actually a better card, it had those options enabled. This card is actually worse than a card from 6 years ago which is kind of pathetic.
After reviewing several buyer's feedback on purchases of 15" LCD televisions, I was guided by the comments (both negative & positive) about several manufacturers and sellers of HDTV LCD televisions, I shied away from lower priced products because of the negative feedbacks detailing picture quality (or lack of) product operational failures,poor customer support on complaints, etc. The Sharp LCD TV is a quality product, and I'm glad I decided to buy Sharp. The retailer (Fry's electronics) provided excellent delivery service and accurate billing. I woul strongly recommnd to potential future buyers of LCD tv,s to stay with a quality maker such as Sony, Toshiba, Sharp or Samsung, etc. even though you may pay a little more than the cheap prducts on the market, because in the long run they won't regret it ! The bottom line is; Research thoroughly allproducts before buying. A bargain is not a bargain if in the long run you end up with more grief. Buying on the internet has greater risk factors versus walking into a retail store where the product can be returned if unsatisfactory. Amazon & Ebay, I've learned have reputable vendors on the Internet and some vendors mot very reputable ?
Does not play full 1080P Resolution = dvd 1.5. You might want to wait till the 1080P players come down in price before buying an HD player.
I heartily agree with the other reviews of this unit. I have done much comparing of mini systems in the last 2 months and this one comes out on top by a long shot! I have been performing,selling, recording or listening to music for 30 years and I am not easily impressed with stereo systems.....but this one has me reeling! Not only is the bass response awesome, but this unit has a very full and spatial sounding mid-range which provides a very warm and "live" effect when listening...even without the surround sound settings! I would have never believed how deep and clear the bass is on this unit.....or how powerful it was.....unless i had brought it home.Please don't be misled and spend a lot more money on a mini system before you listen to this one! All these great reviews are not in the least bit exaggerated.
I've had mine for over three years and have used it extensively in my S2 IS camera. Not once have I had any issues with this SD device. It has performed flawlessly and continues to find use in my household. Glad to see the price has dropped a digit in the intervening years!
My parents hate it. I purchased this remote as a gift for them since they lost the remote to the stereo in their den and I figured this would make their lives easier. Their primary complaint is that the text on the LCD screen is too small. Yes, this remote has tons of functionality and is very convenient, but if you can't read what the screen says you're going to have problems. A higher end Harmony model with a larger screen would serve them well, but I got the 550 only because I got a deal at $50. I don't intend to spend over $100 on a universal remote for my parents. If either the text were larger (there is not an option to increase the size) or their son were less stingy, they'd be happy.As for me, since I'm still relatively young and my eyes work fine I find this remote outstanding. It is customizable and convenient, and has enough space to store each device in an entire household.---Edit 2 July 2008:The LCD screen stopped working. Although the back light still illuminated the display, no text appeared. After a quick firmware update as suggested by the Logitech support staff, they were able to confirm what I already knew: hardware failure. They immediately sent me a replacement remote that has worked perfectly for the past month.
I bought this unit from the local Target for about $65(US). The overheating issue that others have described was a problem... After an hour or two of continuous use, I'd get some skipping. I was able to resolve the problem fairly easily. I bought a set of standard gaming dice, and a packet of adhesive velcro stickers.I used the velcro stickers to mount four dice on top of our 13&quot; TV (the velcro makes the unit removable if necessary), and additional velcro tabs on the underside of the DVD player. The end result is that the player is now has a solid half-inch of airspace below it. Made me feel like MacGyver, I have not had any overheating problems since.I was also able to hack the unit's BIOS such that it is now region-free, and I have COMPLETE control over fast-forwarding and chapter-skipping, including during those annoying FBI warnings. :)
I have no idea how these are even on the market. Bought some on sale at the store and none of them work. They won't initialize in my dvd player at all. Too bad I didn't check on Amazon first.
